Be sure to tune in and watch Donald Trump on Late Night with David Letterman as he presents the Top Ten List tonight!
Donald Trump will be appearing on The View tomorrow morning to discuss Celebrity Apprentice and his new book Think Like A Champion!
Donald Trump reads Top Ten Financial Tips on Late Show with David Letterman: - Very funny!
New Blog Post: Celebrity Apprentice Finale and Lessons Learned Along the Way: 
Listen to an interview with Donald Trump discussing his new book, Think Like A Champion: 
Read a great interview with Donald Trump that appeared in The New York Times Magazine: 
Did you know Donald Trump is on Facebook? - Become a fan today!
Read an excerpt from Think Like A Champion by Donald J. Trump: 
Check out Donald Trump's new iGoogle Showcase page:
If you don't have problems, you're pretending or you don't run your own business. -Donald J. Trump 
Today is Donald Trump's Birthday! Send him your B'day wishes here: 
Thanks to all for your thoughtful birthday wishes - Donald Trump
- Wishing a Happy Father's Day to all the Dad's out there - YOU are a champion today and everyday! 
Expand your life every day. -Donald J. Trump 
Donald Trumps commercial-free WWE Raw does big rating: 
Watch a powerful and frank interview with Donald Trump about the economy on Greta Van Susteren's On The Record: 
Here's to a safe and happy Independence Day for one and all - Enjoy it! --Donald J. Trump
Donald Trump backs 'Apprentice' Randal Pinkett for N.J. Lieutenant Governor: 
Check out a list of Donald Trump's books for summer reading at the Trump University Blog: 
Browse Donald Trump's Summer Reading List for Business Success at the Trump University Blog: 
Ivanka is now on Twitter - You can follow her - Have a terrific weekend!
-- Watch Donald Trump's recent appearance on The Late Show with David Letterman: 
Watch the Miss Universe competition LIVE from the Bahamas - Sunday, 8/23 9pm (ET) on NBC: 
Reminder: The Miss Universe competition will be LIVE from the Bahamas - Tonight 9pm (EST) on NBC: 
- Donald Trump bids to buy the Oreo Double Stuf Racing League. Check it out: 
Read Donald Trump's Top Ten Tips for Success: 
- Read what Donald Trump has to say about daughter Ivanka's upcoming new book, The Trump Card: 
Watch video of Ivanka Trump sharing business advice with 4 entrepreneurial women on GMA: 
Hear Donald Trump discuss big gov spending, banks, & taxes on Your World w/Neil Cavuto: 
--Work has begun, ahead of schedule, to build the greatest golf course in history: Trump International - Scotland.
Donald Trump Partners with TV1 on New Reality Series Entitled, Omarosa's Ultimate Merger: 
Wishing you and yours a very Happy and Bountiful Thanksgiving!
Trump International Tower in Chicago ranked 6th tallest building in world by Council on Tall Buildings & Urban Habitat 
From Donald Trump: Wishing everyone a wonderful holiday & a happy, healthy, prosperous New Year. Lets think like champions in 2010!
Celebrity Apprentice returns to NBC, Sunday, 3/14, 9-11PM ET/PT. Outstanding list of celebrities & season should be the best one yet!
Trump Tycoon App for iPhone & iPod Touch - It's $2.99 but the advice is priceless! 
Golf Channel & Donald Trump's World of Golf host a Celebrity Match 1/25 TNGC LA, CA - Mark Wahlberg vs. Kevin Dillon 
Superbowl Sunday is a great American tradition. The Colts and Saints are already champions, but may the best team win!
Donald Trump appearing today on CNN Internationals Connect the World as Connector of the Day. Submit questions: 
Donald Trump appeared on the final episode of The Jay Leno Show to deliver a very special message: 
From Donald Trump: Im so proud of my wife Melania and the launch of her new jewelry line, to debut on QVC on April 30th at 9 p.m.
From Donald Trump: Andrea Bocelli Mar-a-Lago - Many say best night of entertainment in long history of Palm Beach 
The Celebrity Apprentice has a two-hour premiere this Sunday, March 14th, at 9 p.m. on NBC. This will be the best season yet, see you then!
The new season of the Celebrity Apprentice is off to a great start-- last night it swept the 10 p.m. hour in every key demographic.
Olympic Gold Medalist Evan Lysacek just left my office. He is in town and wanted to meet me--he's a fanastic guy and a true champion.
I am happy to announce that theoriginal Apprentice --which will offer job opportunities to those in need--is coming back.
Last week's episode of the Celebrity Apprentice set the stage for a great new season. Tune in this Sunday on NBC for even more excitement.
The Trump Hotel Collection is currently nominated for Conde Nast Traveler Readers Choice Awards, Travel & Leisure and World Travel Awards.
The original Apprentice is coming back--do you have what it takes to be the next Apprentice? For casting details: 
The NYC casting call for The Apprentice is thisThursday, April 1 at Trump Tower. For all the information you need, go to NBC.com/casting.
Don't forget the open call at Trump Tower tomorrow for The Apprentice. I look forward to seeing you there.
Today's open call drew thousands of eager applicants. It was an impressive group, I enjoyed meeting them. We've got some great candidates!
Last night Melania and I attended the Skating with the Stars Gala at Wollman Rink in Central Park, it was fantastic. Stay tuned for Part 2..
Then we attended the Scottish fashion show that benefits veterans, Dressed to Kilt 2010, which I co-hosted with Sir Sean and Lady Connery.
My bestselling book from last April, Think Like a Champion, is now available in paperback. It's inspiring, entertaining, and a great read.
Trump SoHo opens this Friday and it is fantastic! Check out the Trump Hotel Collection...
This is a terrific day for downtown New York. Trump SoHo is unlike anything else. Be sure to visit this fantastic hotel soon!
Looking forward to seeing the World Champion Yankees today on opening day!
On Sunday, Jerome Bettis 'the bus' from the Pittsburgh Steelers will play at Trump Int'l Golf Club/Palm Beach against Julius Erving 'Dr J'
Tune in to The Marriage Ref onThursday night at 10 p.m. on NBC--I'm on the panel of experts along with Gloria Estefan & Adam Carolla.
Melania and I saw American Idiot on Broadway last night and it was great. An amazing theatrical experience!
Melania and I will be appearing on The View tomorrow at 11 a.m. on CBS. Tune in for some great fun!
To put on your calendar for May: Miss USA 2010, live from Las Vegas on May 16th, 7 p.m. ET on NBC. I'll be there--tune in for a great show!
Our thoughts and prayers remain with Bret Michaels and his family and for his speedy recovery.
Melania and I will be appearing on Larry King Live tonight, 9 p.m. on CNN. Be sure to tune in for some great conversation!
Melania will be on QVC tomorrow night at 9 p.m. ET to introduce her beautiful and inspiring Melania Timepieces & Fashion Jewelry collection.
Be sure to look for my beautiful wife Melania Trump tonight on QVC at 9 pm ET where she will be debuting her fantastic jewelry collection.
Looking forward to the 2010 Miss USA Pageant, Sunday May 16 on NBC, 7 p.m. ET, hosted by Curtis Stone and Natalie Morales.
Also appearing on the Miss USA Pageant will be Country Superstar Trace Adkins and Pop Rock Sensation Boys Like Girls...
Providing backstage commentary at the Miss USA Pageant will be comedic mother-daughter duo Joan and Melissa Rivers. A fantastic lineup!
We're all very happy to hear of Bret Michael's progress and send our best wishes for his full recovery.
Looking forward to the 2010 Miss USA Pageant, Sunday May 16 on NBC, 7 p.m. ET, hosted by Curtis Stone & Natalie Morales live from Las Vegas.
Congratulations to our new Miss USA, the beautiful Rima Fakih. Rima will represent us well at Miss Universe and be a wonderful Miss USA.
Put this on your calendar: The Celebrity Apprentice live finale is this Sunday at 9 p.m. on NBC. Who will be the next Celebrity Apprentice?
Check out Ivanka's new FaceBook page and keep up with what's happening--from The Celebrity Apprentice, to jewlery to free tickets and more..
The latest update on Bret Michaels is that he's making every effort to attend the live finale of Celebrity Apprentice on Sunday--so tune in!
Who's your pick--or ? Vote now on Ivanka's new Facebook page! 
Congratulations to Bret Michaels, the new Celebrity Apprentice. Bret's a true champion, all of us were happy to see him and to see him win!
Ivanka caught up with Bret and Holly backstage. Both Bret and Holly were champions all the way. 
The ratings for the Celebrity Apprentice were fantastic and everyone had a great time. It was a terrific season -- congrats to everyone!
Scotland is beautiful. I spent several years looking for the right place, visiting over 200 sites, and this is absolutely the right place!
The North Coast of Scotland is spectacular--the sea, the sand dunes, the rolling bluffs--we walked the course and it is fantastic.
The Dunes here are amazing, and they're how I learned about geomorphology, which is the study of movement landforms. We've had a great trip
Wishing everyone a Happy Memorial Day Weekend, with a special thought for all the veterans who have done so much for our freedom.
I'll be turning the table on Larry King this Saturday night. I'll be interviewing him in honor of the 25th Anniversary of his show.
Checking out the course at TNGC Westchester and it is fantastic. Should be a great season. 
Be sure to watch the Larry King Show tomorrow night on CNN, 9 p.m. I'll be the host, Larry the guest. 
Tonight I trade places with Larry King and interview him on the 25th anniversary of his show. 9PM on CNN featuring best clips.
I am honored to be chosen by Gray Line for their NY Ride of Fame Campaign. Today we had the ribbon cutting ceremony in front of Trump Tower.
Check out Gray Line's site for the Donald Trump Ride of Fame... 
Rima Fakih, our beautiful Miss USA, rode with me on the Gray Line Ride of Fame yesterday... 
WSJ covers Ride of Fame ? mod=WSJ_NY_RealEstate_MIDDLE_LSMini
Had a fantastic dinner last night at Quattro, in the Trump SoHo Hotel. It's already one of the hottest new restaurants in the city.
And Trump SoHo New York is one of the hottest new hotels anywhere.... 
The Ultimate Merger: -06-17_omarosa_is_back_and_this_time_its_personal.html
Tonight be sure to watch Melania and Ivanka on Larry King Live for a Celebrity Relief Telethon 
For more information on tonight's two hour telethon, 8 to 10 p.m.: 
Great job on the Larry King Live Gulf Telethon last night--$1.3 million was raised in 2 hours.
The Eric Trump Foundation has raised over $1,000,000 towards St. Jude Children's Research Hospital. 
Work is expected to begin today on my golf course in Scotland. It will be spectacular! 
Wishing everyone a wonderful Independence Day weekend. We have a lot to be thankful for.
Due to popular demand, CNN will re-broadcast the Larry King Live show I hosted in June, in which I interview Larry. Monday July 5, 9 pm CNN
The new edition of The Apprentice will be on Thursdays this fall at 10 pm ET---I'm putting people back to work!
George Steinbrenner was a great friend and a true legend. There will never be anyone like him in New York. We've lost a truly great man.
Visited some very beautiful golf courses this weekend...this is one...
and here's another....
and yet another...all of them are spectacular. 
I'm proud to accept the 2010 HollyRod Foundation Humanitarian Award from Holly Robinson Peete, who raised $700,000 on Celebrity Apprentice
Could this be my newest apprentice?...Enter the contest...
I'm helping the Serta Counting Sheep get back to work. Enter the contest and win a trip to Las Vegas..
and stay at the fantastic Trump International Hotel Las Vegas...
Enter the contest.... stay at Trump International Hotel Las Vegas
The Miss Universe Pageant will be on August 23 (9-11 p.m. on NBC, ET) with Bret Michaels and Natalie Morales to co-host, live from Las Vegas
Performing live on the Miss Universe Pageant from the Mandalay Bay Resort & Casino will be Telemundo, Orianthi, John Legend and The Roots.
Mark your calenders for August 23rd: 
Eric's Sept. 14th event will be held at Trump National Golf Club Westchester. 
Check out the last webisode in our 3 part series featuring me with Serta. Which one was your favorite? www.youtube.com/user/mattressserta
Check out the last webisode www.youtube.com/user/mattressserta in our 3 part series featuring me with Serta. Which one was your favorite?
Friday is the last day to enter the Counting Sheep for Hire contest. Click here www.youtube.com/user/mattressserta and you could win a trip
That trip would be to the Trump International Hotel Las Vegas...
So don't forget to enter the Serta Counting Sheep for Hire contest! www.youtube.com/user/mattressserta
The original Apprentice returns with a two hour premiere on Thursday September 16th. Looking forward to a fantastic season!
Four more days until the Miss Universe Pageant. Be sure to tune in on Monday night at 9 p.m. on NBC--it will be an amazing show.
It's going to get hotter in Las Vegas tonight! Watch the Miss Universe Pageant tonight on NBC at 9 p.m. I'm looking forward to being there!
Congratulations to Miss Mexico, Jimena Navarrete, our new Miss Universe 2010, and congratulations to everyone for a fantastic show.
The Miss Universe Pageant raked in some great ratings! A great job by everyone.
Spent a beautiful weekend golfing at Trump National Golf Club Westchester and Trump National Golf Club Bedminster.
Went to the Yankees game last night with Bill O'Reilly--we had a great time watching the Yankees win!
I'll be on The Late Show with David Letterman tonight--be sure to tune in for a great show. 11:30 pm on CBS.
Check out Serta's Counting Sheep (and me) at the Trump International Hotel New York 
Check out Trump International Hotel & Tower New York --spectacular! 
I was invited by Caroline Wozniacki to sit with her family in her special box during her match at the U.S. Open yesterday. She's fantastic!
There's a lot going on at the Eric Trump Foundation... 
Coming up soon: The two hour premiere of The Apprentice. Next Thursday, September 16th, at 9 pm on NBC. 
Eric did a great job with his Eric Trump Foundation annual charity outing. I'm proud of him. 
Don't forget to tune in tonight for the two hour premiere of The Apprentice. 9 pm EST on NBC. We're all in for a fantastic new season!
Don't forget to tune in tonight at 10 p.m. on NBC for another action packed episode of The Apprentice. 
See the new sizzle reel for The Apprentice 
Tune in tonight at 10 pm on NBC for another exciting episode of The Apprentice -- and see the Dog Whisperer make an appearance.
Read Ivanka's blog about last night's Apprentice on Entertainment Weekly...
I'm honored to be presented the award of Doctor of Business Administration Honoris Causa from Robert Gordon University in Aberdeen, Scotland
Don't forget to tune in tonight for another exciting episode of The Apprentice--10 p.m. on NBC.
Scotland is beautiful and Trump Internatonal Golf Links-Scotland is progressing beautifully as well. 
Be sure to watch The Apprentice tonight, 10 p.m. on NBC--it's an episode you won't forget!
An HR solutions company polled 1,000 employed adults to find out who would make ideal bosses... 
Don't forget to tune in tonight to see another unpredictable and exciting episode of The Apprentice-- 10 pm on NBC
Be prepared for a sensational episode of The Apprentice tomorrow night, 10 pm on NBC.
I was on The View this morning. We talked about The Apprentice. Tonight's episode is a great one--tough, exciting and surprising. 10 pm/NBC
I'll be discussing a variety of topics tonight with Greta Van Susteren, 10 p.m. on Fox News. It will be the first of a two part series.
Tonight's episode of The Apprentice is one you won't want to miss! Be sure to tune in--10 p.m. on NBC.
Tonight's episode of The Apprentice has a big surprise at the top of the show -- don't miss it! 10 p.m. on NBC.
My interview last week with Greta van Susteren is available here in slightly abridged form. Good info to know about.
We're getting down to the wire on The Apprentice--tune in tonight for some great action! 10 p.m. on NBC.
Staff Sgt. Salvatore A. Giunta received the Medal of Honor from Pres. Obama this month. It was a great honor to have him visit me today.
Watch CNN tomorrow at 2 pm & 5 pm and on Friday at 7 pm & 11 pm for a Thanksgiving Special hosted by John King. I'll be a featured guest.
Tomorrow night's episode of The Apprentice delivers excitement at QVC along with appearances by Isaac Mizrahi and Cathie Black. 10 pm on NBC
My best wishes to everyone for a Happy Thanksgiving!
Congratulations to Evan Lysacek for being nominated SI sportsman of the year. He's a great guy, and he has my vote! #EvanForSI
Tonight is the Apprentice finale---and it's a fantastic episode in every way, with the great Liza Minnelli performing and a new Apprentice!
Congratulations to Brandy as our new Apprentice and to Clint for being a great player. It's been a terrific season!
Those five hotels includeTrump International Hotel & Tower New York, Trump Soho New York, Trump International Hotel & Tower Chicago...
...Trump International Hotel Las Vegas, and Trump International Hotel & Tower Waikiki Beach Walk. 
I'll be appearing on Larry King Live for his final show, Thursday night at 9 p.m., CNN. Larry's been on TV for 25 years...
Don't forget to watch Larry King tonight, CNN at 9 pm. He's a television legend and a great friend. It's going to be a fantastic farewell.
Wishing everyone a very Happy Holiday season!
WIshing everyone a happy, healthy and prosperous New Year!
Watch me on Late Night with Jimmy Fallon tomorrow night at 12:35 a.m. on NBC--I'll be making a big announcement!
Don't forget to watch me tonight on Late Night with Jimmy Fallon, 12:35 a.m. on NBC. I'll be making a big announcement!
Busy doing phoners this week with Neil Cavuto, Wolf Blitzer, Fox & Friends, and Larry Kudlow....check out 
Don't miss my fabulous World of Golf now in its second season on Golf Channel beginning January 31 at 9 pm ET. Celebrity matches and more...
THe people at shouldtrumprun.com have got it right! How are our factories supposed to compete with China and other countries...
Be sure to watch Oprah today (4 pm on Channel 7), I'll be on with my entire family and it will be an entertaining hour..
It was great to appear on Piers Morgan Tonight last night as his first live guest. Piers won the Celebrity Apprentice and he's fantastic.
Watch my speech at CPAC in Washington DC yesterday...
I was on CNN yesterday.....
FoxNewsInsider with comments on my speech at CPAC in Washington, DC
Check out ShouldTrumpRun....
From The Desk Of Donald Trump- two new videos up at and 
THe Westminster Dog Show asked if I'd be interested in meeting Hickory, a Scottish Deerhound, who won Best in Show. She came to visit today!
I was speaking with Don Imus this morning.... 
Watch the latest From The Desk Of Donald Trump at and read this article 
Check out my interview from MSNBC at 
Check out today's From The Desk Of Donald Trump at I'm willing to answer your questions, tweet me....
ALso coming up: The Celebrity Apprentice returns. Sunday night March 6 at 9 pm EST -apprentice/
Check out today's video blog I want to answer more of your questions, tweet me.....
I answered some of your questions in today's video... 
I was on the TODAY Show this morning and then visited Regis & Kelly. The Celebrity Apprentice starts this Sunday nightdont miss it!
I appeared on David Letterman last night. And don't forget Sunday night---the first episode of Celebrity Apprentice will be on NBC at 9 pm.
Watch You've Got Donald Trump at 
Mark it on your calendar: Comedy Central Roast, March 15th at 10:30 pm, for the Roast of Trump 
My thoughts on last night's Celebrity Apprentice also an observation I made recently 
More of your questions answered in today's video at here is my appearance on Neil Cavuto 
I will be developing the two tallest towers in the Republic of Georgia. 
Tweet me more of your questions to answer in the next video....
Hey : Oh, I'm real scared. #TrumpRoast airs tonight at 10:30/9:30 on Central.
Hey cummings : you call yourselves comedians? #TrumpRoast tonight 10:30/9:30c on 
Check out the Trump Fabulous World of Golf site to meet the Fazio family---master golf course designers....
Keep talking about me: use #TrumpRoast to tweet about how good I look on tonight at 10:30/9:30c 
Hundreds of thousands of supporters have already gone to and joined the movement at shouldtrumprun.com Have you?
Check out my interview on 
I'll be on with Larry Kudlow of the Kudlow Report tonight on CNBC at 7 p.m. We'll be discussing current affairs and politics. Tune in.
The Comedy Central Roast of Donald Trump last week was the #1 highest rated Comedy Central Roast ever...it brought in 3.5 milion viewers
Don't forget the Celebrity Apprentice, Sunday night at 9 pm on NBC for another surprising and exciting episode 
Here are my thoughts on last night's episode of The Celebrity Apprentice... 
I want to see people make lots of $$ and live better lives. I really think they can do that through TheTrumpNetwork 
This is about the money I gave to charity--and in response to your comments about Gadhafi... 
My appearance on The View... and 
Watch me tonight on The O'Reilly Factor at 8 pm and 11 pm EST, FOX News
Watch my latest video blog.... 
My thoughts on The O'Reilly Factor and more here... 
Catch the second part of my interview with Bill O'Reilly tonight at 8pm on Fox News....
Hopefully this answers your question... #trumpvlog
My appearances on and 
New The Next Generation videos - - - 
Be sure to watch the Celebrity Apprentice on Sunday night, 9 pm on NBC. 
is having a poll, cast your vote for me at 
Watch my appearance on 
A sneak peek at Sunday's episode of The Celebrity Apprentice... #trumpvlog
This has been a very difficult decision regarding the Presidential run and I want to thank all my twitter fans for your fantastic support.
Vote for the next Miss USA... #VEGASusa11 #MissUSA
Check out today's #trumpvlog about the upcoming episode of #celebrityapprenticefinale
Get ready for some excitement--the live finale of the Celebrity Apprentice is on this Sunday night --don't miss it! 
My appearance on from today.... 
Wishing everyone a Happy Memorial Day, and a thank you to all the soldiers who protected our great country.
My thoughts on last night's meeting with in today's #trumpvlog... 
Check out my speech from last Friday as well as my appearance this morning on 
Your most popular tweet answered, why I'm holding off on a Presidential bid... #trumpvlog
New on our YouTube channel today is a brand new #trumpdocumentary giving you a look inside the world of Trump Golf 
Watch me on the tonight at 9pm. More thoughts on Anthony Weiner in today's #trumpvlog 
Congratulations to the Miss USA Pageant--it was the #1 telecast of the night among ABC, CBS, NBC and Fox. A great show and a huge success.
I've been visiting Trump Int'l Golf Links Scotland and the course will be unmatched anywhere in the world. Spectacular! 
Our new Miss USA, Alyssa Campanella, came up to my office today for a visit. We're proud to have her as our new title holder.
is having an online competition - vote 
I was in San Jose, CA on Saturday for a sit-down interview for the ACN national meeting which was attended by over 20,000 people. Huge!
Did my weekly phoner on Fox & Friends this morning...sounding off on issues of the day... 
Wishing everyone a wonderful Independence Day holiday weekend, a great celebration for a great country.
Tomorrow we'll be going to Panama for the opening of our new hotel. It's a fantastic building in a fantastic location. 
Perhaps this is the kind of thinking we need in Washington... 
Congress is back.TIME TO CUT, CAP AND BALANCE.There is no revenue problem.The Debt Limit cannot be raised until Obama spending is contained.
Republicans should not negotiate against themselves again with in today's debt talks--First and foremost CUT,CAP and BALANCE.
- Iranian weapons killing Americans in Iraq? What are u doing about this? 
ObamaCare Tragedy Primed to Further Explode the Deficit And transferred $500 billion from Medicare to fund it!
House GOP wants to cut Medicare, Obama took $500 billion from Medicare for Obamacare. Both Wrong!
On our YouTube channel- the opening of the incredible Trump Ocean Club in Panama.... 
More thoughts on the debt ceiling in today's #trumpvlog... 
My interview last night with Greta on the GOP going El Foldo 
While tries to push gun control --He still has not answered for Project Gun Runner 
You have abandoned Israel and engaged the Muslim Brotherhood, and even the Arab world does not like it 
US News named the Top10 best hotels in the US--and Trump Int'l Hotel & Tower NYC and Trump Int'l Hotel & Tower Chicago are on the list!
Take a look at and to see these beautiful hotels.
CUT, CAP AND BALANCE. TAXED ENOUGH ALREADY!
Who will be the next ? Find out this Saturday at 8PM ET on missteenusa.com #TeenUSA
You have increased discretionary spending by 25% annually and amassed over $4 trillion in debt. T-E-A 
Congratulations to my daughter Ivanka and her husband Jared on the birth of their daughter Arabella Rose yesterday.
#trumpvlog The Republicans must act now, don't let push you around.... 
has sold guns to Mexican drug lords while his DOJ erodes our 2nd Amendment rights.
Every dollar spends costs $1.40 with interest borrowed from China on our children and grandchildren's backs. CUT-CAP-BALANCE!
The GOP doesn't waste an opportunity to waste an opportunity. Defunding Obamacare should be central to any deal.
While seeks to further destroy our credit, our economy continues to hemorrhage jobs. Such a total failure---as a President.
Robust Economic growth is the answer to the Medicare Problem--not cuts on the elderly.
Obama is addicted to spending America into insolvency. His record proves it.
Unfortunatelycontinued attack on the US $ will lead to ever rising gas prices at the pump and lots of other really bad things
The Answer to both Social Security and Medicare is a robust growing economy---not cuts on the elderly.
America's debt is greater than our GDP. Time for new thinking.
Higher Taxes kill job creation---cut wild government spending and waste.
Watch my wife Melania Trump tonight on at 1 a.m. So proud of her!
People ask me every day to pose for pictures but the camera never works the first time--they are never prepared or maybe just very nervous!
new ad criticizes Obama for his excessive spending and debt, borrowing from China. Didn't Bush do the same thing?
Please tweet me your questions to answer in my #trumpvlog.
has not released his own debt plan yet. He's totally lost, ineffective, desperate. GOP has its best chance to make a great deal
I just got Mike Leach's new book, Swing Your Sword. He's a great coach, and he's written a great book. It's definitely worth reading.
Blue Ribbon Commission to find and agree to future spending cuts? Bad idea.
No taxes in Boehner or Reid Plan----important victory for America.
We need economic growth and jobs not blue ribbon panels to study the problem.
Ex-Presidential Pollster Pat Cadell says most voters sick of both parties and their failure.
Republicans and Democrats have both created our economic problems.
My interview yesterday on CNBC's Squawk Box: Debt Deal a (cont) ~HZMKL
No taxes the only good thing about DC Debt Deal.
Wake Up America -- China is eating our lunch.
I believe America can be great only with proper leadership.
Today's #trumpvlog answers your tweets about my thoughts on the Republican candidates... 
Watch my interview with Greta Van Susteren on her show, On the Record, tonight on Fox News in the 10 p.m. hour.
Thanks to Giovanni's Coal Fire Pizza of Florida for donating enough pizza to feed 750 Police Athletic League youngsters in NY this Friday.
America's debt officially became 100% of our GDP on 50th birthday---coincidence?
China demanded that we raise our debt ceiling and then their rating agency downgraded us. Our leaders are hope (cont) ~x0TDx
In today's #trumpvlog I answer your questions about what you should be doing in this uncertain economy... 
The new President of OPEC is Mahmoud Ahmadinejads confidant Rostam Ghasemi, a commander of the Revolutionar (cont) ~unUiL
The S&P downgrade is a direct result of increased reckless budget spending and Obama Care. He owns this.
He's hired! Listen to my #Apprentice Andy launchhis radio show with me tomorrow 6PM ET
My interview yesterday on the S&P downgrade with Wolf Blitzer on CNN 
The S&P are losers. They did this for personal publicity in order to straighten out their terrible reputatio (cont) ~PgL6v
Republicans and Democrats should get back to work immediately to work on resolving downgrade. This is not a go (cont) ~1UpEp
Countdown to as my former #Apprentice Andy and I talk about politics an (cont) ~9Q2fk
Congress should get back to Washington, but doesn't want to interrupt his vacation in Martha's Vineyard.
Oil is starting to rise again despite the horrible times. OPEC continues to rip us off. Not worth $30. New leadership needed.
The Fed continues to flood the market with US dollars. Wrong move.
Looking forward to the GOP debate and the outcome of the Ames straw poll. We must get a real leader.
How will Mitt Romney defend his record on jobs and Romneycare in tonight's debate?
It's easy to see why Americans are sick of career politicians and both parties.
Obama has no understanding of how to create jobs or opportunity. He believes in Government.
Economic growth can save Social Security, Medicare and America.
Reporters say it's the Trump Bump---I tell CNBC I am buying stocks--- and the market goes up.
played golf yesterday. Now he heads to a 10 day vacation in Martha's Vineyard. Nice work ethic.
My thoughts on the Republican Party in today's #trumpvlog... 
Unemployment is plaguing both Black and Hispanic youths. Very troubling.
China is a threat to America. They are not our friend.
I was interviewed by Greta Van Susteren today here at Trump Tower. Tune in tonight on Fox News at 10 p.m. (cont) 
A good example of how our country wastes money... #trumpvlog
China owes us money.... #trumpvlog
Amazing--Obama speaks, market goes DOWN---Trump tells CNBC he's buying stock---market goes UP --- should not be that way!
My interview this morning on Good Morning America with George Stephanopoulos 
My interview with on Fox News for those who missed it - 'Obama's Constantly on Vacation' 
will enjoy today's #trumpvlog... 
Karl Rove --lost GOP both Houses of Congress and the White House--gave us Obama.
Insurgents in Iraq show they can still mount horrifying attacks---US wastes trillions.
You can listen to my interview today with Jay Sekulow Live and the show here  EST.
is sure a master delegator.He has sent to China.The Chinese are laughing at us. We MUST do better.
Israel is being barraged by rockets from Gaza recently. They must respond accordingly in defense of their citizens.
We don't need another stimulus. The first one was a complete failure. Why repeat the same mistake?
has some serious ideas which deserve serious consideration. Wrong for media to ignore him.
Let's not start celebrating over Libya until we see who takes over.
As bad as Qaddafi was---what comes next in Libya will be worse---just watch.
Just as I predicted, was a complete disaster in China. He condoned the Chinese one-child policy an (cont) 
We have spent over $1 Billion on the Libya operation. What are we getting back?
There usually is an easy solution to every problem. For instance, a lot of our country's problems can be solved in next year's election.
inherited $10.6 Trillion in National Debt---will leave after his first term with the Debt at over $17.6 Trillion.
I'm very proud of the work my son has been doing with the, take a look... 
Why did and his family travel separately to Martha's Vineyard? They love to extravagantly spend on the taxpayers' dime.
There is no substitute for private sector experience.
Hurricane Irene and Libya in today's #trumpvlog.... 
Libyan Rebels should have given us 50% of the oil in return for our military support---we don't even ask!
MUST release a budget before begins negotiations on a continuing appropriations resolution.
Crude is at $85 right now - isnt even worth half that. OPEC is ripping us off.
If the Palestinians want statehood then why are they run by the terrorist group Hamas?
If the UN unilaterally grants the Palestinians statehood, then the US should cut off all its funding. Actions have consequences.
ObamaCare must be fully repealed or it will destroy America's small businesses.
The new Libyan Government should turn over the Lockerbie bomber---now.
China's business interests reach far and wide---even domestically within our borders. We need to reassess our relationship.
My thoughts on Dick Cheney and his new book #trumpvlog
Libya is being taken over by Islamic radicals---with open support.
With gas prices rising and the economy failing, seeks to have his EPA raise energy prices by $109B 
I'll be on Greta Van Susteren's show tonight at 10 PM on FoxNews. Tune in.
is so inept that I think he simply made a mistake in originally scheduling the Joint Session on September 7th. Just sad.
The White House is predicting 9% unemployment throughout 2012 - and when Obama Care takes effect in 2014 expect it to go even higher.
Oil is double the price now compared to last year--OPEC is laughing at 
Fast and Furious gun running goes all the way to the White House. We need answers now!
wishes speeches could create jobs. His job is costing America all of ours.
The UN is about to use its Assembly to attack We should defund the UN entirely if they can't act resp (cont) 
trillion $ stimulus was supposed to create jobs -- instead it gave us more debt and higher unemployment.
A robust growing economy is how to fix Social Security and Medicare---not cuts on Seniors.
Why was selling guns to Mexican drug dealers?
America needs a tough negotiator---not a community organizer.
My interview with last night on : 'Missed His Opportunity' 
My interview yesterday with 
China is happy to learn that plans to borrow another $300 Billion. is their favorite client.
Why is the UN planning to attack sovereignty and ignore Iran's nuclear program? The US should look at future funding.
always makes me proud 
Want jobs? Slash corporate tax rate. Tax incentives for companies that create jobs in US. America will boom.
Very exciting. I will be at Macys Herald Square this Wednesday at 5:30pm to celebrate the launch of Trump Home crystal!
Irans nuclear program must be stopped - by any and all means necessary.
The World Economic Forum now ranks the US the fifth most competitive economy in the world. We have fallen from first under 
Watch the 2011 #MissUniverse Pageant tonight at 9PM on NBC... 
My thoughts on in today's #trumpvlog.... 
The American economy would grow if Washington didnt keep threatening higher taxes and more regulations. Government is not the solution.
Friends in NY-9, let know that you don't approve of his mistreatment of Vote for tomorrow!
I'm urging my friends in Brooklyn to vote for Bob Turner tomorrow--send a message.
How can the economy ever recover when keeps threatening the private sector with more taxes. This is no way to spur growth.
The White House is continuing to be openly uncooperative with the Fast and Furious investigation. American lives were lost. We need answers.
I'm very proud of my new crystal collection. Here's a sneak peak of my favorite collection Elmsford  (cont) 
We should immediately close all tax loopholes that favor foreign investments and taking our jobs overseas t (cont) 
will hear loud and clear today the message NY-9 is sending by electing -- is our friend and ally.
Bob Turner--great guy, great businessman, will be a great Congressman. Was happy to help him win.
My interview yesterday with where I discuss Dick Cheney and China 
job bill contains the word 'Tax' over 330 times--that will sure work!
Third Gun Linked to 'Fast and Furious' Identified at Border Agent's Murder Scene. When will the White House come clean?
The Solyndra Scandal--$500Million photo op. He loves wasting our money.
Can you imagine if had passed Cap and Trade?! Energy costs would be double from already record highs.
-- honored and excited to be listed on Thanks. BTW -- where are the jobs? Donald.
---great job on Solyndra. You are some extremely skilled venture capitalist. Stick to the memoirs and speeches.
If China had a tenth of the natural resources we do then they would already be energy independent. Instead we continue to buy oil from OPEC.
Watch my latest appearance on Squawk Box.... 
My interview which recently aired on CNBC's Squawk Box My in (cont) 
It seems there is never a problem for which cannot find a reason for another speech and another tax.
Sorry I will miss the CPAC gathering in Orlando--there in spirit--Obama must go.
ObamaCare will destroy small business--the backbone of America's economy.
China is neither an ally or a friend--they want to beat us and own our country.
Australia is a beautiful country with terrific people who love America.
Jobs Plan sure looks like a Tax Increase Plan to me.
is doing a great job on completing our new Trump Winery in Virginia.
Now is no time to cut military spending. We must remain strong. Our enemies are looking for weakness. I'm i (cont) 
OPEC is ripping us off on oil. We are ripping ourselves off by investing in unproven green energy. #Solyndra
Obama Cares taxes vest in 2014. Conveniently after the 2012 election. Coincidence?
Our country's debt crisis cannot be solved by tax increases. We must cut government spending.
ObamaCare is a major threat to America's entrepreneurial spirit and competitiveness. Small businesses will b (cont) 
My interview from yesterday with discussing the economy, my trip to Australia,  (cont) 
My interview from last night with discussing yesterday's meeting with 
My interview with yesterday discussing by meeting with 
A great interview of in the globeandmail on Trump Tower Toronto 
It seems had our tax dollars buy guns for Mexican drug lords that were used to kill Americans. We need answers now.
Our economy is struggling and OPEC continues to rip us off. Output is low and the price is too high. They ar (cont) 
My interview from yesterday with 
ObamaCare must be completely repealed. A recent report from UBS shows that it is the number one reason employers are not hiring.
Great interview in of : He makes me proud. 
China is stealing our jobs. We need to demand China stop manipulating its currency and end its rampant corporate espionage.
When will present an actual budget? Enough with the games.
The Golf Invitational featuring a performance by was a great event. Enjoy the video.... 
Really bad ratings for Lawrence O'Donnell on MSNBC---O'Reilly is killing him!
My interview from yesterday discussing my recent meetings in Trump Tower and also 
China does not negotiate from a position of strength, we simply negotiate against ourselves. We have all the advantages but don't execute.
The Fed's reckless policies of low interest and flooding the market with dollars needs to be stopped or we will face record inflation.
The Iranians have just threatened to send warships to our coasts. They laugh at us. We can't allow them to develop nuclear weapons.
A simplified tax code would spur economic growth and help create jobs. Unfortunately, Washington is incapable of simplifying anything.
I'm thrilled to announce that my new tailored clothing line has officially launched at Macy's. In business it' (cont) 
How many more billions of dollars will continue to waste in these solar companies?
The unemployment numbers are tragic. We are letting the world take our jobs. It has to stop!
is innocent. Italian government should pay for this travesty.
has done nothing to help 
My book, Midas Touch, with Robert Kiyosaki (Rich Dad, Poor Dad) will be in bookstores tomorrow--it's a grea (cont) 
It's about time Italy recognized the innocence of ---great news!
Watch my interview with Greta Van Susteren tonight at 10 p.m. on Fox News.
I was on CNN last night with 
Looking forward to visiting the Trump Vineyard Estates today in Charlottesville, VA, for a press conference and the grand opening.
Great meeting with yesterday in Trump Tower. Great guy!
released documents late last Friday proving his administration was directly involved in sellin (cont) 
The Democrats in the Super Committee want to raise taxes first in deficit talks. Huge mistake. Cut wasteful spending first.
sold guns to the Mexican drug cartels. They were used in the murders of Americans. Where is the outrage?
China is threatening Washington over the currency bill. We should pass it immediately.
Washington is wasting over $2 billion this year on Solyndra type loans. Yet they want to cut military spending.
In order to save Medicare and stop record premium increases--we must repeal ObamaCare.
is trying to pass another stimulus after the first was a complete failure. Does he really believe we are that stupid?
A-Rod is a less than average baseball player now that he is unable to use drugs. A-Rod misrepresented to th (cont) 
The GOP primary schedule is a disaster. Not enough time.
When will we stop wasting our money on rebuilding Afghanistan? We must rebuild our country first.
The only job cares about is his own. Everything he does is for his own reelection.
I have traveled the world. America is the most beautiful country on Earth.
A guy named on FOX, their resident liberal, was not born with much of a brain.
The Fed's reckless monetary policy is going to create record inflation.
The only way to spread economic growth is to lower taxes and end unfriendly regulatory practices.
If the Prez wants to create jobs talk to some business people---not liberal intellectuals.
When will release an actual budget?
Mitt Romney is right about the Chinese rip-off of America.
Tweet me your questions to answer. #trumpvlog
More questions answered... #trumpvlog
Be sure to watch my wonderful wife Melania Trump tonight on at 1AM EST
China's military buildup is a major threat to the Free World. We must remain resolute and maintain our national defense at all costs.
My new book Midas Touch in stores now.... #trumpvlog
Why is always campaigning or on vacation?
Happy to have passed 800,000 followers. Looking forward to passing 1M sooner than later.
Late last Friday announced his 2011 budget deficit was $1.299 trillion -- the second largest in US history.
Iran was planning to attack the Israeli and Saudi DC embassies. We should respond accordingly. The diplomatic window is closed.
Watch tonight on his show, Hannity, Fox News at 9 pm. I'll be on and we'll cover the Wall Stree (cont) 
If ObamaCare is not repealed then we can expect stagnant growth, long term unemployment and record high premiums.
Iraq's government is treating us like fools. We should demand their oil.
My interview last night on discussing OWS and incompetent leadership. 
My thoughts on campaign.... 
Both and China have embraced OWS. All want the decline of America. Time for the protesters to go home.
My beautiful wife Melania will be appearing on QVC this evening from 8 to 9 pm.
We must stop outsourcing our jobs overseas and end our multi-billion dollar trade deficits.
America needs to rebuild our infrastructure. Why are we sending trillions overseas when our own roads, bridge (cont) 
Bob Beckel, a commentator for FOX is bad for the brand: is close to incompetent.
The OWS protesters are doing nothing to advance the interests of the 99%. Time for them to go home!
My thoughts on Gadhafi's death,, and the misery index... #trumpvlog
Why is crude oil priced at $86/Barrel? OPEC is ripping us off. Not worth $30/Barrel. America needs new leaders.
Why did liberate Libya and do nothing for the Iranian protestors? Iran is a threat to our national security.
The Misery Index is at a 28 year high.
Why do we continue to sit idly by while China steals our national security and corporate secrets? China is an enemy, not a friend.
See what I have to say about Iran and Iraq in today's #trumpvlog... 
Libya is adopting a more radical form of Sharia Law now under their new leadership. Is this what wanted?
Printing money is neither a short or long term solution to our country's economic woes. The Fed is destroyin (cont) 
I only go on shows that get ratings, that's why I do,, and Your sho (cont) 
Does ever work? He is constantly campaigning and fundraising--on both the taxpayer's dime and time---not fair!
Please only respond by tweet because like everyone else, I don't watch your show.
Stop calling my office to do your show, I have more important things to do with my time--- nobody's watching you! 
THe 2012 election is the most important in my lifetime. We must nominate a candidate who will win and will roll back damage.
I heard, because his show is unwatchable, that has made many false statements last night about me. Maybe I should sue him?
In response to, my net worth is substantially more than 7 billion dollars--- very low debt, great as (cont) 
My interview last night with 
I am happy to see the majority of the GOP candidates agree with me that the tax code must be simplified and the rates dropped.
When will Washington stand up to China. China is manipulating its currency and stealing our jobs. Washington should move on legislation.
Why aren't we getting any oil from Iraq before we leave? We are leaving the country wide open for Iran. Big mistake.
The Debt is our nation's greatest threat. is out of touch.
When will our nation's sacrifices be respectfully appreciated? Iraq and Libya should reimburse us in oil.
Our worst threat to unemployment is It will also destroy our country's basic standards.
The US Air Force won the war in Libya to clear the way for Islamic Extremist control of Libya.
My interview yesterday with discussing Europe's debt deal and the GOP primary 
ObamaCare contains marriage penalty taxes. Why should married couples be penalized for having healthcare?
Bernie Madoff and Tony La Russa in today's #trumpvlog... 
Is Jon Stewart a racist? See video--- 
The Al Qaeda flag is now flying over Benghazi. spent over $3Billion of our money for this?
It snowed over 4 inches this past weekend in New York City. It is still October. So much for Global Warming.
THe Chinese military is already hacking our satellites The Chinese government is not an American ally.
The Republicans never should have agreed to this past summer's debt deal. Military cuts will now come along with tax increases.
Another company that the DOE has given money to just filed for bankruptcy. This is how the money we borrow at 40% from China is wasted.
The must cut spending, not raise taxes. Washington has a spending problem, not a revenue problem.
Why is letting the Taliban know when our troops are leaving? This is dangerous for our soldiers.
The greatest threat to our security is our debt. It is already past 100% GDP. We need to make real budget cuts.
Malfeasance at Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac helped cause our current financial meltdown.
Iran's quest for nuclear weapons is a major threat to our nation's national security interests. We can't allow Iran to go nuclear.
See what I have to say about the Occupy Wall Street protestors in today's #trumpvlog.... 
Reporter is one boring and low vision guy!
A record high 6.7% of Americans are living in extreme poverty. This is tragic. We can do better.
The Federal government spent over $3.7 trillion last year. This is unsustainable and a true danger. The American dream is being destroyed.
Our deficits are caused by runaway spending, not inadequate taxing. Washington does not have a revenue problem.
Instead of trash talking on the world stage, should be defending 
He is out of real solutions--job bill is nothing more than a tax increase.
China is advocating on behalf of Iran's nuclear program -- the Chinese oppose both sanctions and any militar (cont) 
Mitt Romney did great in the debate last night.
Rick Perry is a good guy who had a really tough evening. 
Herman Cain handled the pressure of the debate really well. 
Solyndra's government loan and subsequent bankruptcy prove that is both corrupt and inept.
The Debate, mic, and my Endorsement in today's #trumpvlog--- 
The death tax should be abolished -- the Government is simply taxing you twice. It is also a job killer.
My thoughts on Joe Paterno and political analysts in today's #trumpvlog... 
The Arab Spring has turned into the Islamist Winter. Our ally is in a perilous position. We must stand behind 
To the brave men and women, past and present, in our armed services- best wishes on Veterans Day.
2012 is the most important election of my lifetime. must be defeated.
made a campaign decision on delaying the Keystone Pipeline to 2013.The pipeline would lower oil prices and create jobs.
Fewer Americans are now insured through their employers due to higher premiums. Obamacare must be fully repealed. 
has already added $5 Trillion to the national debt in less than 3 years. We must defeat him in 2012. #TimeToGetTough
My interview yesterday with discussing the failure of the Super Committee and GOP 2012.... 
The Supercommittee is a disaster. The Republicans made a crucial mistake agreeing to this debt deal. They hat (cont) 
has increased the EPA budget by over 150%. The EPA is an impediment to both growth and jobs. It sends jobs overseas.
Reporter should resign---- 
When mistakes are made, and they will be, the entrepreneurs true character emerges and further growth takes place. - The Midas Touch.
My new book, Time To Get Tough, comes out on December 5th. Pre-order on Amazon.com. It's the best book I've ever written.
faces an existential threat in Iran's nuclear drive. Unfortunately is no friend of Israel.
China is complaining about 2,500 marines being placed in Australia. Meanwhile they are building bases across Latin America. #TimeToGetTough
Regardless of the USC's ruling, ObamaCare can only be defeated politically. It must be legislatively repealed or America will go bankrupt.
Washington is simply incapable of any moderation because is such an extreme leftist. He must be defeated. #TImeToGetTough.
Why is delaying the sale of F-16 aircraft to Taiwan? Wrong message to send to China. #TimeToGetTough
ObamaCare is one of the greatest threats our country faces. It is unsustainable and will lead America into complete insolvency.
The Super Committee is finding ways to raise all our taxes without admitting it. The Republicans made a big mistake agreeing to this deal.
China's economy is now projected to overtake the US as the world's largest economy by 2027 #TimeToGetTough
The House's failure to pass the Balance Budget Amendment was another unforced error by the GOP. Very disappointing.
Egypt is turning into a hot bed of radical Islam. The current protest is another coup attempt. We should never have abandoned Mubarak.
My interview from yesterday discussing how failed to show any leadership on th (cont) 
My new book #TimeToGetTough -- out Dec 5th -- outlines how to make America rich again. Order now through Amazon 
As of September 30th, we have a record trade deficit with China of over $217Billion. They are ripping us off. #TimeToGetTough
Why are we giving China foreign aid? Couldn't the Super Committee have agreed to at least cut that outlay? #TimeToGetTough
Congratulations to, and --all listed #1 on World's Best Business Hotels
American sanctions alone cannot stop Iran's nuclear drive--and cannot get China and Russia to agree on new Iranian sanctions.
Third quarter GDP was lowered to 2%. There won't be any economic recovery until is defeated.
I will be signing copies of my new book, Time To Get Tough: Making America #1 Again, in Trump Tower on Frida (cont) 
Real unemployment is at over 21%. Businesses won't hire until is defeated in 2012. #TimeToGetTough
In order to get elected, will start a war with Iran.
My interview from yesterday 
The banks were bailed out by us. They should start lending to private entrepreneurs. The banks are slowing American growth.
It's inconvenient and inconsiderate: is doing a fundraiser tonight, making it almost impossibl (cont) 
The habitual vacationer: has campaigned on our dime more than any previous president in history (cont) 
Unbelievable how he gets away with it: is flying around on Air Force One, laughing at everybod (cont) 
Newly released emails prove that scientists have manipulated data on global warming. The data is unreliable. 
China is so brazen that they now give us economic advice--they tell us what to do---much like a strong stockh (cont) 
The unemployment numbers released later this week will show no job growth. We must start making our own products again. #TimeToGetTough.
He ruins the brand: doesn't belong on As CM for Mondale in '84, you lost 49 states. Sad!
The Fed continues to recklessly flood the market with dollars. This will eventually create record inflation. It has to stop. #TimeToGetTough
The worst employee in today's #trumpvlog... 
The new job figures don't include 315,000 people who have given up looking for jobs.
Here's my message to : America is a capitalistic country. Get over it and get on with it! #TimeToGetTough
My new book tells some harsh truths and lays out some bold plans. Time for America to be #1 again. #TimeToGetTough
#TimeToGetTough: Making America #1 Again--my new book--available today. The book both China and OPEC do NOT want you to read.
Met at Trump Tower today. He's a big thinker.
First there was the Declaration of Independence, then there was the Constitution. Now there is #TimeToGetTough. Available today.
All this from a guy who lectured Americans about tightening their belts: bashes rich people an (cont) 
Did you know that one of seven Americans is now on food stamps? Think of it. In the United States, the most pr (cont) 
Forty -six million Americans---more than at any time ever in the history of this country--now live under the poverty line. #TimeToGetTough
Canada's legal immigration plan starts with a simple and smart question: How will any immigrant applying fo (cont) 
Get it straight: Pakistan is not our friend. When our tremendous Navy SEALS took out Osama bin Laden, they did (cont) 
Whether we like it or not, oil is the axis on which the world's economies spin. It just is. When the price o (cont) 
Why is the GOP establishment so threatened by the Newsmax - debate? More debate is always better.
My interview with discussing the Newsmax-debate, #TimeToGetTough and the 2012 race 
Excited to have endorsement of the Newsmax-debate. Sarah is terrific.
A clip of my upcoming interview with discussing #TimeToGetTough, and the Islamist winter 
Jeffrey Lord, former Reagan adviser, has endorsed the Newsmax-debate with a great article 
You know what is the worst part of Tuesday speech playing class warfare--we paid for it with our tax dollars.
Newsmax is a great news organization and its pres debate in IA on Dec 27 will be fair, balanced and informative. 
Trump Tower is located at 725 Fifth Avenue, between 56th and 57th Streets...
Looks like the line has started, be sure to join me for book signing,, starting at 11am to 2 pm here in Trump Tower.
My interview on with Jon Gambling discussing #TimeToGetTough, meeting and the 2012 election 
#TimeToGetTough The crowd at the book signing at Trump Tower in NYC right now... 
Excited that Kremer has endorsed the Newsmax-debate. The Tea Party Express is a great group.
A great crowd at Trump Tower for #TimeToGetTough book signing!
Iowa Congressman has endorsed the Newsmax-debate. He has been doing great work in the House.
Why was the Hanukah celebration held in the White House two weeks early? wants to vacation in Hawaii in late December. Sad.
Excited that Amy Kremer has endorsed the Newsmax-iontv debate. The Tea Party Express is a great group.
My interview with discussing the 2012 election and the Newsmax-debate 
My FoxBusiness interview with Don Imus discussing #TimeToGetTough, the GOP primary and the Newsmax-debate 
If these guys have any integrity they'd say no to MSNBC -- a network that few watch and is very negative. re debate.
I was on a tele-townhall with and hosted her 4 times in Trump Tower yet she declined the Newsmax-debate. No loyalty.
has accumulated more debt in 3 years than the first 42 Presidents combined. He is simply out of control.
A clip from my interview discussing how Newsmax-debate is determining the GOP primary polls 
My interview on discussing #TimeToGetTough, the GOP primary and the Newsmax- debate(starts at 23:00) 
We need a dealmaker in the White House, who knows how to think innovatively and make smart deals. #TimeToGetTough.
Don't forget my book signing tonight at Costco on 1250 Old Country Road in Westbury, NY, from 6-8 pm. Hope to see you there.
Who handed Iraq over to Iran yesterday? We have gotten nothing from the Iraqis-- we should have them pay us back with oil.
#trumpvlog NY Area- Two book signings- Tonight and Thursday.... 
I'll be signing copies of my new book tomorrow at Trump Tower (5th Avenue between 56 and 57) from noon to 2pm.
He says he will spend $1 B to get re-elected: I can match him--preserving my options.
#trumpvlog Same last name, same bad ratings- and 
My interview with discussing why I will not be moderating the Newsmax-debate 
I feel sorry for Rosie 's new partner in love whose parents are devastated at the thought of their daughter being with --a true loser.
#badratings you will never make it. You are not funny or talented.
My interview with explaining that I am keeping all my options available for 2012 
My interview with of discussing #TimeToGetTough, GOP primary and my 2012 options 
Read this about 
It has been great to meet so many wonderful people in my #TimeToGetTough book signings. Anyone who wants to be Prez should read!
Iran is closing the Strait of Hormuz for a military exercise. Imagine what they will do with nukes?!
The first book signing at Trump Tower for #TimeToGetTough was so popular that I'm doing another one today from noon to 2pm/Trump Tower
With the number of tweets sad sack has done, she has totally lost control of herself-- hopefully not a breakdown.
More people attend a rally than watch on all week. is very lonely. (cont) 
Please send a psychiatrist to help, shes in a bad state. To s girlfriends parents--- get (cont) 
#trumpvlog China is laughing.... 
If speeches and memoirs created jobs then would be Ronald Reagan.
This is what thinks: that America would be better off if we acted more like European socialist (cont) 
So biased: made 'The Protester' as the person of the year. celebrates OWS but vilified the Tea Party last year.
Thanks to everyone who has waited in the long lines at the #TimeToGetTough book signings. It is great to meet fellow patriots.
But maybe my biggest beef with Obama is his view that there's nothing special or exceptional about America. #TimeToGetTough
My interview with in her special 'Most Fascinating People of 2011' 
Great piece - ': What I've Learned' 
A total lightweight: continues to give the worst responses on China in the debates. I can see why (cont) 
The lightweight,, used my name in a debate for gravitas--it didn't work. Sad!
China just put a tariff on US cars and trucks--22%--China is laughing at our inept leaders. 
OPEC is setting crude at $94/barrel on 'signs US economy is improving.' OPEC uses any excuse to rip us off and our leaders just watch.
I'll be on with Andy Dean at 6:30 ET today talking about last night's debate. 
My interview with Andy Dean on - I told him what I really thought about the debate. 
Barney Frank admited that ObamaCare does have 'death panels' yesterday. Obamacare must be fully repealed or healthcare will be destroyed.
Congratulations to my son Eric for making the Forbes 30 under 30 list. He's done a great job! 
Dummies left Iraq without the oil--not believable!
We're all proud of for being on 30 Under 30 list. 
A great gift idea is my new book #TimeToGetTough, easy to order on Amazon 
Joe Biden said that the Taliban 'is not our enemy.' I wonder how our troops in Afghanistant that are under attack view Biden's statement.
I still can't believe we didn't t take the oil from Iraq.
I really enjoyed last night's Tele-Town Hall with Faith and Freedom Coalition. Thanks to the thousands who joined.
The WH yesterday defended Biden's comments that the Taliban aren't our enemy. When did the American people decide this? 
Congratulations to for winning a spot on the California 2012 ballot. A major feat! 
Barney Frank looked disgusting--nipples protruding--in his blue shirt before Congress. Very very disrespectful.
My interview with discussing how is delusional and how a 3rd party candidate can win. 
Less than a week after we leave Iraq, the country is already unraveling.We got nothing from the Iraqis and now (cont) 
My new book #TimeToGetTough is the best present of the holiday season. A great gift for anyone who cares about this country.
We have a president who has a vendetta against businesspeople and considers them the enemy. Hes also (cont) 
Consider the fact that for every gallon of gas you put in your car, you pay 45.8 cents in state, local, and federal taxes. #TimeToGetTough
The safest way to preserve Medicare is with a robust and vibrant economy. We should lower corporate and capital gain taxes immediately.
The Keystone pipeline will create 20,000 jobs and make us less energy dependent from the Middle East. says No!
In order to preserve my options and guarantee that is defeated, I changed my voter registration to independent.
The habitual vacationer,, is now in Hawaii. This vacation is costing taxpayers $4 milion +++ while there is 20% unemployment.
Govt. collapsing in Iraq only 2 weeks after withdrawal of our troops. Sadly, I called this one and please remember, I alone called it.
China hacked the U.S. Chamber of Commerce and now has the information of all 3 million members. China keeps (cont) 
China is expanding its military bases abroad. We must expand our naval fleet. Now is no time for defense cuts. (cont) 
tops 500 Best Hotels in the World! Congrats,,, 
Vote for your favorite TRUMP HOTEL COLLECTION hotels in Travel + Leisures 2012 Worlds Best Awards Survey 
What a convenient mistake: issued a statement for Kwanza but failed to issue one for Christmas. 
The Fed's reckless monetary policies will cause problems in the years to come. The Fed has to be reined in or we will soon be Greece.
China has 5 oil projects in Iraq and we didn't get anything from the Iraqis except asked to leave. Iraq is going (cont) 
He is destroying our country:has requested to raise our debt limit to over $16.4Trillion by the end (cont) 
Americans Elect on track to put an Indy Presidential candidate on the ballot in all 50 states.
America wasted billions and precious lives in Iraq and Iran will soon take control--very very sad.
I play golf to relax. My company is in great shape. plays golf to escape work while America goes down the drain.
My interview with discussing the GOP primary, my 2012 options and why must lose 
Michele Bachmann will finish dead last tonight in Iowa because she is disloyal and a terrible boss. Sadly, it is over for Michele.
A good friend: More importantly she is a tremendous voice for policies that would put America on (cont) 
Another investment triumph--the $500Billion American funded Finnish plug in cars are all being recalled 
Congratulations to for coming out of Iowa a winner!
Michele Bachmann got less than 1,200 more votes in the Caucus than she did in the Ames Straw Poll. Very sad for her--a nice woman!
He should be ignored: foreign policy is a dream come true for our enemies. He has zero chance to beat 
We left Iraq and it is quickly falling apart--what a waste of lives and money--and so obvious.
Iran has warned the US not to send an aircraft carrier back into the Strait of Hormuz. We should send three as a (cont) 
The new season of the Celebrity Apprentice begins Feb. 12--be prepared for the best season yet! 
China is driving the price of gold up in order to ease pressure against Iranian sanctions. 
President vacation is costing taxpayers millions of dollars----Unbelievable!
AMAZING - has actually found a government program he can cut in half - the Defense Department...bad (cont) 
Be sure to watch my interview on tonight!
My interview from this morning 
??? held a raffle with donors for a lunch in the White House. The winners were conveniently all (cont) 
Why do you need a photo ID to buy a drain cleaner not to vote?
ObamaCare is such a national treasure that has waived over 1,200 companies from the law 
My interview with where I discuss my potential GOP endorsement and the NH primary 
This is why is a winner. He lays everything out on the field. He never quits and never gives up. That's why he is a success.
New Hampshire has a major decision to make today. Hopefully we won't have to hear any more Mandarin spoken in future debates.
3 Chief of Staffs in less than 3 years of being President: Part of the reason why can't manage to pass his agenda.
Why are we building a $1Billion embassy in Iraq when the country kicked us out, didn't give us any oil & is about to get taken over by Iran?
OPEC has just raised oil to over $102/Barrel. And still won't approve the Keystone Pipeline. Does he want high gas prices?
America deserves a commander in chief who respects the challenges and realities our Armed Forces face in our (cont) 
The US is always getting ripped off! China gets cheap oil from Iran and Iraq as US pays for Hormuz Patrols to (cont) 
Newt attacks on record at Bain an attack on free enterprise and entrepreneurship. Mistake!
While is slashing the military, he is also negotiating with our sworn enemy the Taliban--who facilitated 9/11.
Newly released documents show Geithner to be laughing as the financial crisis loomed 
may have been a good community organizer, but the man is a lousy international dealmaker. #TimeToGetTough
Get it straight: Pakistan is not our friend. Weve given them billions and billions of dollars, and what (cont) 
I bought Tim Tebow's jersey and helmet at auction for a good cause- fighting breast cancer 
wont approve the Keystone Pipeline so Canada is now looking to sell their oil to China (cont) 
Receiving Lifetime Achievement Award & chairing debut on Jan.19 
To state the obvious, if any business operated the way the government does, it would go under. #TimeToGetTough
Listen to my interview with tonight at 10PM ET on 
China presents three big threats to the United States in its outrageous currency manipulation, its systematic (cont) 
The problem is that we have a president who is more concerned with pursuing some sort of bizarre ideological (cont) 
My with discussing the Keystone pipeline, Re-election is more important than 20,000 jobs and (cont) 
Rick Perry--a good man, a great family and a patriot.
Conservatives have to be smart in the way we speak. Using crazy language that terifies seniors accomplishes (cont) 
Texas is lucky to have him--- is a great guy!
Playing politics with the Keystone decision? vetos 20,000 jobs and cheaper oil.
The White House should stop publicly pressuring Israel on Iran. Iran's nuclear program is the threat, not Israel's right to self-defense.
China has hacked another US government body. will we learn?
A tough week was had by, but he's come back from adversity before.
Obama wants Americans to keep buying crude from OPEC who is ripping us off instead of our ally Canada through (cont) 
Tonight in his SOTU, won't talk about Keystone. He will continue to dissemble about his record and play class warfare.
A gallon of gas has more than doubled while has been POTUS and he still won't approve Keystone.
It is a shame Keystone wasn't powered by solar panels and wind because then would have wasted billions on it.
My daughter Ivanka thinks I should run for President. Maybe I should listen. 
Notice how failed to mention ObamaCare last night in his SOTU. Even he knows it is terrible.
After Solyndra, is stil intent on wasting our tax dollars on unproven technologies and risky companies. He must be accountable.
Last night in his SOTU, claimed that he is a friend of Israel. Does anyone really believe that.
Check out this great story from the 
My interview from earlier in the week discussing the GOP primary and electability 
My interview discussing wanting me to run for POTUS, s SOTU and his China policy 
s SOTU ratings were down 12% from 2011 He can't even deliver ratings in an election year.
s SOTU claim that companies get tax breaks for moving jobs and profits overseas is 100% false 
We need more grown-ups in Washington, people who will shoot straight and level with the American people. #TimeToGetTough
Did you know that with the natural gas reserves we have in the United States we could power Americas (cont) 
Watch me on tonight at 9PM ET on 
Its sadtruly sad and disgracefulthe way Obama has allowed America to be abused and kicked around (cont) 
Watch the clip from my #C21 Super Bowl spot on tonight.
My interview with discussing this season's, #TimeToGetTough, the economy and GOP primary. 
He admits his presidency has been flawed...but claims economy is stronger. 
For those who missed my chat with on radio, here it is on TV. Sean is terrific.
Another electric car firm that gave $118M just went bankrupt. He loves to waste our tax dollars.
Check out this photo shoot video of Spring 2012 collection.... 
The GOP primary is getting very nasty. The candidates need to remember that is the main target. He must not be reelected.
My appearance this morning on Good Morning America...
My interview discussing economic failures, attack on capitalism and playing class warfare. 
The Muslim Brotherhood, allies in Egypt, will cancel the Camp David Agreement. What a disaster!
The banks need to start lending again otherwise the economy will continue its downturn. This is why we bailed the banks out!
Keystone: MUST pass Keystone by linking it to another bill. 
Formerly of the New York Times, was a poor theatre critic who was forced out. Sadly, he is an even (cont) 
Congratulations to for an impressive win in Florida. He performed well under pressure.
Great news that the New York Stock Exchange won't be owned by a German company. European regulators turned the (cont) 
My interview discussing building a cemetery next to Trump National, the FL primary, and OPEC 
My interview with discussing the national housing market, unemployment numbers and the FL (cont) 
I was on this morning 
Shocking--two of largest campaign bundlers are directly linked to Solyndra What a coincidence!
His spending is reckless: will set a record fourth year of a $1 trillion budget deficit. 
#trumpvlog dismal record in today's video blog.... 
I will be making a major announcement tomorrow (Thursday, February 2) at 12:30 pm at Trump International Hotel & (cont) 
Watch my endorsement of 
I bet the dumbest political commentator on television,, will soon be thrown off the air for poor (cont) 
Sleepy eyed thinks Las Vegas is a state--see this morning.
I watched at the National Prayer Breakfast -- and he looked totally uncomfortable with his words. (cont) 
My interview with discussing my endorsement of and why he can beat 
My interview with discussing my endorsement of and how I came to my decision 
My interview with discussing why I endorsed and why he will make a great President 
Youre hired! The ad is airing during the #SuperBowl and you need to get voting! Vote for me & : 
#SuperBowl Vote for me and -- 
To vote for me and CENTURY 21 for the best #Superbowl commercial, click the following link and Like the page. 
Congrats on a huge NV victory. Lets make a one term president #OneTermFund
Not the world, only your tiny group of viewers--the world doesn't care about you. You're too stupid to (cont) 
He's saddled our children with more debt than we accumulated in 225 years in America. has done an (cont) 
The economy is in terrible shape. is manipulating the job numbers to hide the truth. 
My interview discussing the Super Bowl, the real unemployment numbers, Iran and (cont) 
I believe is manipulating the jobless numbers 
Many, many people are disappointed I didn't run third party--but I won't risk benefiting from a split in the anti-Obama vote.
I see poll numbers are improving. Good man doing a good job.
Vanity Fair is failing. Newstand sales are down 20 percent--2nd most for major magazines and the magazine has (cont) 
Why is the only guy who talks about getting tough with China and their currency manipulation?
Eli Manning. Great Athlete. Great Guy. great teamwork!
My first job was working for and with my father, Fred C. Trump.
Glad to see no charges against Greg Kelly. His accusers' charges never made sense!
I only require four hours of sleep per night.
Sorry, she's taken.
Government dependency has surged over 23% since has taken office. He is creating an entitlement culture.
I have not met but his song, Donald Trump, has had over 40 milion hits. Maybe he should pay me somethiing.
#trumpvlog My thoughts on in today's video blog... 
Check out a picture of the custom made Trump Bike that Paul Teutul Sr. presented to me today in Trump Tower-- 
I wear suits from the Donald J. Trump Signature Collection.
The best advice to a young entrepreneur is to read my book with Robert Kiyosaki, Midas Touch. (cont) 
My interview with discussing electability and Senate loss. 
My interview with discussing the 2012 GOP primary and ObamaCare's attack on the Catholic Church. 
Q/A Yes, I'd give the real numbers.
The Fed is destroying the dollar. When inflation hits the economy then even more jobs will go overseas.
Q/A The secret behind my success is that I love what I'm doing. That gives me energy, focus (cont) 
The Church is yet another victim to his liberal agenda: lied to his Catholic supporters to pass ObamaCare.
s interview with discussing, the economy and politics 
will give a great speech at CPAC today. He understands the threat from China.
As someone once put it, Marriage is the greatest anti-poverty program God ever created. #TimeToGetTough
Our country is the greatest force for freedom the world has ever known. We have big hearts, big brains, and (cont) 
The $25 Billion settlement with the banks on mortgages will slow the housing market down even more and create higher user fees. Stupid!
s class warfare rhetoric is taking a backseat for the DNC convention. He is charging $1 Million for a single suite.
This week we saw what Obama Care actually does when implemented. It is a losing issue for and must be repealed.
Whitney Houston was a great friend and an amazing talent. We will all miss her and send our prayers to her family.
Honored to have passed 1 million twitter followers. We are making America #1 again. #TimeToGetTough
Watch Late Night with Jimmy Fallon on NBC at 12:35 EST tonight---I'll be bringing a couple of surprises with me.
A day after released a trillion dollar budget deficit, he is hosting China's future leader VP XiJinping. America's new reality.
So wrong! is hosting China's VP Xi Jinping today at the Pentagon with a full honor ceremony with music and cannons...
In today's #trumpvlog I speak about the chopper recently made for me by #CelebApprentice
Flattering. Over 500 upset people called Mar-a-Lago disappointed I am not running for President--but Mitt Romney will do a great job.
A clip from my interview with discussing the cast of Season 5 
That could be a possibility but there are no plans at the moment. This season of Celebrity Apprentice is great--be sure to watch.
My agenda is such that I can't meet with you, but it's always nice to be asked and I wish you the best.
I was in my twenties.
RT: : Polling shows the movement could still nominate able independent with a chance of victory...
You'll have to watch to find out.
When the economy is bad, wants to raise taxes. When the economy is good, wants to raise taxes. Notice a trend?
The recession was made worse by A $900Billion deficit is not getting better.
Wrong Policy: wants to cut defense spending by $487B while China is building their navy in the Pacific. 
Scenes from last night's episode of where and I visit the OCC HQ 
No, not trademarked.
Thanks, I'll keep at it.
Maybe they don't want to.
Very successful fund raising for yesterday. Good to see my friend Woody Johnson.
He gets the China problem, why don't the others?
Gallup poll proves that regulation and Obamacare are stopping small business owners from hiring SHOCK!
The Fed is considering issuing even more US bond debt into the market. Not good!
Weakness is very dangerous: is going to unilaterally disarm our nuclear arsenal. America keeps the world safe!
Don't forget! Sunday night at 9 pm EST on --Celebrity Apprentice is back! Tune in for a great show. 
My discussing the discussing the cast 
He wrote a great piece on China criticized him (cont) 
Admitted:Treasury Secretary admitted that their 2013 budget does nothing to address America's (cont) 
Mark my words, a gallon of gas will be $5 during the summer. OPEC is ripping us off. There's nobody in our (cont) 
If the GOP will have any chance to beat in November, the great people of Michigan need to support candidacy.
The more I get to know the more I like him. He has the judgment and private sector experience America needs in the White House.
As the took their 16th vacation this month, unemployment is back to 9% and underemployment at (cont) 
is a special player. He makes watching the Knicks fun. I think he can lead the Knicks far this season. 
He may be the worst reporter in all of sports: of He gets away with murder and most people (cont) 
Rev. Graham made a critical point. has turned a blind eye to the Christians being persecuted in (cont) 
My interview with where I explain that gas is headed to $5, $6 and why can't win 
In last night's #CNNDebate proved once again why he is the steady conservative who can restore America's future.
Irony! was in Florida yesterday fundraising. Gas also rose to $6/gallon for Florida drivers yesterday. 
Clive Davis gave a great eulogy at my friend Whitney Houston's funeral--absolutely amazing!
Take a tour of this amazing residence at Trump World Tower..... 
As gas prices keep rising, won't approve Keystone. Instead he is pushing algae - yes, algae - as an (cont) 
Pastor #Nadarkhani must be released by Iran immediately. I applaud the & for issuing (cont) 
This is good news: is now leading in Michigan by 6 points according to 
is a moron who should have been pummeled by the weak and pathetic security person who stood (cont) 
What America needs: follows in steps of Kemp and Reagan with pro-growth tax cut.
It is time to get out of Afghanistan. We are building roads and schools for people that hate us. It is not in our national interests.
New York Times Apologizes to Donald TrumpA recent story in the New York Times incorrectly stated that Donald (cont) 
My interview from this morning discussing the price of oil, windfarms,Doral Hotel & Country Club and more...
Mitt's got it right: attacks on pro-growth tax cut proposal are foolish.
#trumpvlog My thoughts on gasoline prices skyrocketing...... 
America will have record growth and prosperity during his adminstration: success in the private sector is a tremendous asset.
ObamaCare gives free insurance to illegal immigrants. Yet is cutting our troops healthcare. (cont) 
Energy Sec. called for $7-$9 gas in January. Wish granted. owns the gas prices.
I loved being a surrogate on behalf of I am glad I was able to help him win.
After Super Tuesday, every GOP candidate should take a long hard look at their prospects and drop out if they can't get the nomination.
China is getting minerals from Afghanistan We are getting our troops killed by the Afghani govt't. Time to get out.
should stop pressuring Israel against attacking Iran and worry how he will stop the Iranian nuclear drive. 
He made a great contribution to the press--will be missed.
Dopey, the most overrated political pundit in the business, continues to downgrade the Republican (cont) 
Once again, speech at yesterday proved that he is more concerned about containing (cont) 
I fully support the, and They should all be honored for protecting us since 9/11---not demonized.
A MUST READ! last article--The Vetting, Part I: Love Song to Alinsky 
My interview discussing why is a great nominee, gas prices and why George Will is a loser. 
With respect to Iran, we have all the cards--they are scared stiff! I can't believe we aren't able to negotiate (cont) 
Today will be a Super Tuesday for -- he will win over 220 delegates from states across every region. He will be the nominee.
China is raising its defense budget by 11% wants to cut ours by over $1Trillion. Wrong policy.
He is using the IRS to sabotage the Tea Party What about the Occupy Wall Street groups?
Strong leader: Netanyahu explained at AIPAC the threat Israel faces from Iran's nuclear drive. He is (cont) 
He promised to close Gitmo in his first year. It is still open 3 years later and about to get a (cont) 
He will lose a delegate in Oklahoma--he only got 57% of the vote in the Democrat primary 
Gas is $6 already in California. Don' worry - Algae energy policy is going to pay major (cont) 
He is a professional and true gentleman: is one of my favorite contestants from #CelebApprentice.
My interview with discussing Super Tuesday and why must be defeated.
The recovery - US unemployment is 9.1%, US underemployment is 19.1% Businesses won't hire under Obama.
BarackObama set a record deficit last February - $229 billion while borrowing 42 cents of every dollar it spent. is reckless.
The only candidate who can get 1145 delegates is The primary is over.
I'll be on Monday at 7:30 AM, don't miss it.
The Celebrity Apprentice, Sunday night at 9 PM on NBC. Another great episode!
Personally, I'm glad the NYPD is monitoring the actions of certain extremists. New York's finest! I support them.
When I was 18, people called me Donald Trump. When he was 18, was Barry Soweto. Weird.
Seems to be the next election must be about jobs and gas prices--not birth control.
Maniac Sergeant who went on a killing spree in Afghanistan must be punished, big time, and quickly.
The US is stupidly closing all of its coal fired plants while at the same time we're selling our coal to (cont) 
Afghanistan is a total disaster. We don't know what we are doing. They are, in addition to everything else, robbing us blind.
Doral Tournament was great--best 18th hole in golf and a wonderful winner in 
Would anyone in the music industry treat a Democrat like this? is being punished for his political views 
Trump International Hotel &amp; Tower New York---winner of the Forbes Five-Star Hotel Award in 2009 through 2012. 
My interview from last Friday discussing the unemployment numbers, gas prices and acquiring the Doral 
My interview discussing today's primary contests, lead and my stock picks 
doesn't have an answer for how much Americans should pay for gas He wants $6/gallon gas!
has won the most delegates, received the most votes and won the most states. The primary is over. Time to defeat 
did well last night. He won 2/4 contests and earned the most delegates. will be the nominee.
lost a big motion yesterday--she is entitled to nothing. The show made her--she should have been happy.
SHOCK! ObamaCare will cost double what promised -- over $1.76 -- and result (cont) 
Last week was a first in #CelebApprentice when I fired 2 celebrities at once. Wish I could FIRE ! (cont) 
He invited his top campaign bundlers and donors to the British State Dinner So corrupt!
Once again, proves he can't run a professional campaign. He is ineligible in large section of (cont) 
is clearly not a team player. If he was, knowing that he has a zero chance of winning the (cont) 
My interview with where I explain that we need to start using our own domestic energy resources. 
Barack Obama is hard at work today on his highest priority--his reelection. has 5 fundraisers in 2 cities.
I'll be on Monday at 7:30 AM. Be sure to tune in.
Rising gas prices are causing a steep rise in consumer prices and will slow any future economic growth. It is a tax on all Americans.
has wasted billions of our tax dollars on speculative green projects like Solyndra. He is an economic ignoramus.
We should have gotten more of the oil in Syria, and we should have gotten more of the oil in Iraq. Dumb leaders.
Be sure to download my new The Celebrity Apprentice app to begin interacting with this Sunday's episode 
Rosie O'Donnell has failed again. Her ratings were abysmal and Oprah cancelled her on Friday night. When will (cont) 
My interview where I discuss why is an economic ignoramus and how OPEC is inflating gas prices. 
My interview where I discuss being canceled yet again and how she just can't make it on TV 
Congratulations to for being reckless. In his first 38 months in office the debt has grown at a rate that is unthinkable.
I am so glad got fired by Rosie is a bully and it's always nice to see bullies go down!
I am deeply disturbed by what I have read in the case of I support a full investigation and justice.
should consider Gov McDonnell of VA, Gov Christie of NJ and Senator Rubio of FL for VP. Really good men doing a really good job.
He wants to decide what books people can read, what movies they can see. #freespeech It doesn't work that way!
Played the Trump International Golf Club in Palm Beach last weekend. One of the best golf courses in the country. Perfect weather.
My interview discussing the GOP primary, gas prices, the Doral purchase and my outlook on the economy. 
He has as much chance of being the GOP nominee as does of ever having a successful (cont) 
Happy Birthday to my legendary friend Aretha Franklin.
Congratulations to Woody Johnson and on acquiring is not only a winner but a leader. (cont) 
I am following the Trayvon Martin case carefully. It's a terrible situation that should never have happened. (cont) 
I'll be on Monday at 7:30 AM.
keeps taking credit for an increase in oil production. Of course his policies have nothing to do (cont) 
He is incapable of admitting that he is a complete and utter failure. He is 100% responsible for Solyndra. 
When confronted, can't defend his ridiculous attacks on 
ObamaCare is clearly unconstitutional. Hopefully the USC rules correctly but in the end repealing ObamaCare requires a political solution.
Not his 'per se'? A Friday document dump shows all-hands-on-deck as Solyndra collapsed lies.
Let's not get too excited about Monday's U.S. Supreme Court oral argument on #ObamaCare before the decision. No (cont) 
I'll be interviewed by Greta Van Susteren tonight at 10 pm ET on Fox.
Alex Rodriguez should substantially reduce his salary from the Yankees in that he misrepresented his use of (cont) 
Global warming has been proven to be a canard repeatedly over and over again. The left needs a dose of reality.
is desperate. He is now saying that he wants to be VP. (cont) 
I wonder if has promised Iran and China that he can be more flexible after his last election?
endorsement of shows that the GOP is coalescing to defeat 
The Fed must be reined in. In 2011, the Fed bought 61% percent of US debt--even more than 2008. Unsustainable! 
Biden is delusional. He is criticizing on jobs. economic record is an abject failure.
Bad news for reports that the economy (71%) and gas prices (65%) are Americans' top (cont) 
Photo of and me from yesterday's interview... 
A study says is out of control--a 78% increase in 10 years. Stop giving monstrous combined vaccinations (cont) 
Don't forget the three hour episode of Celebrity Apprentice this Sunday night 8pm-11pm on NBC. You're in for a (cont) 
studying ways to increase pressure on China over their currency manipulation and unfair subsidy practices 
I'll be speaking at the first-ever National Achievers Congress at the San Jose Convention Center (San Jose, CA) (cont) 
White House Press Sec. had a hard time explaining why supported tax breaks for oil companies in (cont) 
is a disaster. Despite the mandate there will still be 27M uninsured and premiums will rise at FASTER rate 
Some exciting news--the newest acquisition of Trump Golf--Trump National Golf Club, Charlotte NC, formerly The (cont) 
The US should not give a penny of foreign aid to Egypt if the Muslim Brotherhood takes over the country. We (cont) 
What will be excuse tomorrow after wins Wisconsin and Maryland? Time for Rick to face reality and drop out.
My #TrumpTuesday interview discussing golf, VP choices, the real estate market & healthcare reform 
Real estate is always a great asset to own but especially now. Try to take advantage if you can and buy (cont) 
He said it would be 'unprecedented' if the USC rules that ObamaCare is unconstitutional. It was (cont) 
Another solar company funded with our money has filed for bankruptcy One (cont) 
#CelebApprentice contestants and joined me for interviews today- 
He made a deal with Saudi Arabia to pump the hell out of oil until after the election. Watch what (cont) 
has a limited window to exit the race and to keep both his integrity and reputation...the time to (cont) 
Remember what I said about attacking Iran before the election--I hope the Iranians are not so (cont) 
doesn't believe in the Supreme Court or its power--I thought he was a constitutional lawyer. Why (cont) 
I'll be speaking on Thursday, April 12, at the first-ever National Achievers Congress at the San Jose Convention (cont) 
Why gas prices will rise, Miss Canada/Miss Universe, and #CelebApprentice in today's #trumpvlog... 
My interview discussing healthcare monopolies,, oil prices and birthday 
This is a great time for to bow out with dignity.
He is now losing in the latest to in Pennsylvania Rick is wasting everyone's time.
My book with, Midas Touch is divided into five sections. The first is the thumb-
The #CelebrityApprentice Sunday night on NBC at 9 PM. Another exciting episode is ready to go. 
Arrived in Palm Beach, drove by a gas staion, $4.50 a gallon. Result of failed leadership.
Proud to see my friend Governor Chris Christie standing up for Israel on his visit. Standing tall!
Looked at plans for Trump Doral Country Club today. It will be amazing! Glad to be in Miami.
It's --who wants to raise all our taxes--who applauds China for cutting their taxes! (cont) 
$6 gas is coming sooner than later. America must become energy independent with our own resources and fast.Also, (cont) 
Vanity Fair Magazine, which used to be one of my favorites, is failing badly. Newsstand sales are plummeting--- (cont) 
I will miss Mike Wallace. He did a major interview with me for 60 Minutes and it was totally fair and balanced. (cont) 
Thomas Kinkade died. I happen to love the beauty of his paintings. He took a lot of heat from art critics who (cont) 
Now they say obese women may cause Autism in children- nonsense, they use any excuse. The FDA should immediately (cont) 
He is sounding more and more like a real team player...he is a really good guy!
He wants 23 years of tax returns Let's see BHO's school (cont) 
Good news--did the right thing. I congratulate him on running a very good race. Now it's onto -- go get him Mitt!
I'll be speaking tomorrow at the San Jose Convention Center (CA) for the first- ever National Achievers Congress 
The Fed should not do QE3. Neither the economy nor the dollar can withstand another round of artificial liquidity.
China attempted to sell embargoed computers to Iran China loves these deals!
I developed the Wollman Rink under budget and in record time If I hadn't gotten involved, it would still be unused.
Ive gotten many letters from people fighting autism thanking me for stating how dangerous 38 vaccines on a (cont) 
It's Thursday, how much $ has wasted today?
He handled the Zimmerman matter very well. I am glad to see there will be a trial. Justice. Now let's wait for a fair trial.
Excited to see that has joined twitter. Melania and I are looking forward to hosting her next week (cont) 
Attention to detail is critical; choose scents that exude sophistication & confidence. Find out more 4/18, 5:30 pm Herald Square.
I'll be on at 7:30 AM Monday
Many countries are cutting back, big time, on ugly, industrial wind turbines. The energy is very inefficient & (cont) 
Many many people are thanking me for what I said about & vaccinations. Something must be done immediately.
Now Vice-Chief of Joint Staff is defending China while they cheat Wrong course of action.
One of the simplest joys of life is golf. A great game to both play and watch.
U.S. jobless claims are at a 2 month high. gas policy and ObamaCare are directly killing jobs.
who wants to raise all our taxes, only pays 20.5% on $790k salary. Do as I say not as I do.
The FDA must immediately stop allowing massive dose vaccinations in babies. It is mind boggling that they allow this practice to continue.
It will be interesting to see how Jenna Talackovadoes as Miss Universe Canada. We all wish her luck.
I'll be ontomorrow at 7:30 am #TrumpTuesday
Mike Bloomberg is doing a great job as Mayor of New York City. Ray Kelly is a great Police Commissioner. 
#CelebrityApprentice Paul Teutul, Sr. joined me for a press event in Trump Tower last week- 
My interview discussing reckless spending, the Buffet Tax gimmick and #CelebApprentice 
Paul Teutul Sr. is a fantastic guy. Although I fired him on #CelebApprentice, we will remain great friends. I love the bike he made for me.
He would do a great job on Saturday Night Live. 
While watches, China is trying to have the yuan overtake our dollar as the international (cont) 
Enjoyed watching $ special #PainatthePump over the weekend. (cont) 
Obama's Secret Service catastrophe has openly revealed a great lack of respect for our President. If they (cont) 
#CelebrityApprentice ranked #1 among ABC,CBS, and NBC in all key demos from 10-11PM. It won the 10PM hour by a 53% margin in 18-49 rating.
I knew disgusting and unwanted porn star was a sleazebag the first time I met him. Thank goodness he was revealed (so to speak).
Vanity Fair party at Tribeca Film Festival was a bust.
signed a $70B budget which cut $140M in indiv projects Very impressive. Rick is doing a masterful job.
is right--this election is about jobs But it is interesting that (cont) 
Don't be fooled. In 2008 promised immigration reform in his 1st yr of his 1st term. Now promising (cont) 
I am in Istanbul,Turkey. Just opened magnificent #TrumpTowers--- a big hit.
A bad manager such as will continually be plagued by scandals. Leadership starts at the top.
Tonights #CelebrityApprentice will continue to impress. Be sure to tune in tonight at 9PM ET It will be amazing.
can get people back to work.
Just left Istanbul, Turkey, yesterday where #TrumpTowers was just opened--magnificent!
Not only are wind farms disgusting looking, but even worse they are bad for people's health (cont) 
69 Democrats voted in favor of the Keystone pipeline in the House this week A major defeat for 
just trashed the GOP and stood up for China on Sunday I am surprised he didn't say it in Mandarin.
American professors were in Tehran for an Occupy Wall Street Conference diplomatic initiative?!?!
The Government spends 30% more than it admits is out of control with his deficit spending.
Made in America? argues that his long form birth certificate is irrelevant in court.
Demand by China continues to raise the price of oil We must become energy independent through our vast resources.
Congratulations to on Tuesday night's sweep. He also delivered a 'Killer Speech' 
He believes that the War on Terror is over Who does he think won?
Still a buyer's market. Residential home sales fall 7.1% in March. Now is the time to buy property.
The economy is expected to slow down once again at the end of the year The price of gas has to be lowered.
Standing on what will be the greatest golf course in the world. Opens July 10th. 
I wonder why is now spending $8B to postpone Obamacare's Medicare Cuts until after the election? 
Admiral McRaven had full operational control of the Bin Laden mission gave vague directions.
Be sure to tune in to another amazing episode of #CelebApprentice this Sunday on at 9PM EST! This Sunday's (cont) 
Claims for unemployment are at a 3 month high Where's the recovery?
Wind turbines threaten the migration of birds Where's the outcry?
#SuccessByTrump Heres a photo from my appearance at Herald Square with 
Rosie O'Donnell should leave Lindsay Lohan alone--has bigger problems than Lindsay. Lindsay's mother called my office for help
The Federal Government is teaching citizens 'Financial Literacy' while it is running $16T in debt Only in America!
Heres a great video of the official launch of my new fragrance #Success Herald Square 
The EPA official who wants to crucify gas companies resigned Good- but his attitude is endemic in the EPA
Bad move-released $147M in aid to the Palestinians That money is going to Hamas.
America's debt crisis is our country's greatest challenge. Spending must be curbed for our long term fiscal future.
My interview with discussing #WHCD and my endorsement of 
The new Dark Knight Rises Trailer is great The movie filmed scenes in Trump Tower last October.
Orders for U.S. factory goods in March record biggest decline in 3 years China is eroding the US manufacturing sector.
My friend Ronald Kessler explains in that Secret Service problems are much bigger than prostitutes 
Snowboarder/Skateboarder stopped by to visit this week....
WRONG! capitulated to China by releasing Chen Guangcheng out of the US Embassy China really has our number
Congratulations to the on taking a 2-1 lead over the Great game last night!
Derek Jeter is playing phenomenal baseball. He is a total winner--and also a great guy. 
With today's struggling job numbers, it is clear that there is one choice this November. can turn the economy around.
In the 1920's people were worried about global cooling--it never happened. Now it's global warming. Give me a break!
I will be live tweeting during tonight's #CelebrityApprentice 9 PM ET 
Could be a fight over red-heads with this could be good. #sweepstweet
Im not sure about as Project Manager. can be formidable. But lets see what happens #sweepstweet
Aubrey has a lot of self confidencebut will it be warranted? #sweepstweet
How will the client react? Theyve got both Elle Magazine and Chi to please. #sweepstweet
Product placement is a definite prerequisite. #sweepstweet
#sweepstweet wins $100,000 for her charity and thats a nice gift.
#sweepstweet definitely fell under negotiation skillsan important business tool.
#sweepstweet Teresa seems to underestimate the power of observancethat of the client as well as her team- but shes a wonderful person
Remember the huge amount of money raised by and company #sweepstweet
#sweepstweet I very much rely on my own take of the situation and people involved. My instincts (cont) 
#CelebrityApprentice Listening to the advice from and adds another insight into the Final 4. #sweepstweet
My interview discussing the 9/11 Trials at Gitmo,, the job numbers and 
Watch ET tonight to find out what my beautiful wife will be wearing at the Met Gala! 
Glad to hear Mariano Rivera is going to make a comeback in 2013. He is a true sportsman and a great competitor. 
The election result in France is very disappointing. The Europeans have to embrace austerity in order for their economy to fully recover.
Our economy is at a standstill. Some are even predicting a possible double dip. We need to elect in November.
No wonder Afghanistan is a mess! is releasing high level insurgents in exchange for pledges of peace. 
What's the primary ingredient for success? Passion. You have to love what you're doing or you won't get too far.
V.P.....really! 
VOTE 4 &amp; derekhough #01 tonight! She's doing a great job on Dancing with the Stars #DWTS (&amp; a good person). 1-800-868-3401
My son Don will be giving the Keynote Address at The Investment Show in Sandton, South Africa on Dec. 1. He's an (cont) 
My interview discussing the Republic of Georgia, taxes, the fledgling economy and Facebook 
Gas prices are still too high. We really need to pressure OPEC to lower the price of oil.
The polling numbers show a close race. needs all of our support.
attacked She is an average talent who is out of touch with reality. Like O'Donnell, a total loser!
Welcome to the new reality. is now letting China buy US banks The US government is selling us out.
I'll be on on Monday at 7:30 a.m. Always a great time.
Watch Celebrity Apprentice on Sunday at 9 pm on NBC--we're winding up for a terrific finale. What a season! 
The April jobs report is terrible. If the labor forces didn't shrink under then real unemployment (cont) 
Procter and Gamble is relocating its beauty headquarters from Cincinnati to Asia--what are we doing?!
If the press can report stories from dorm years then why can't it find college and law school transcripts?
Good news. Voters give the edge over on handling the economy according to 
Ugly industrial wind turbines are ruining the beauty of parts of the country--and have inefficient unreliable energy to boot.
should stop with the bad plastic surgery and nasty statements about good people running for office. I (cont) 
Did try to bribe Rev. Wright with $150K? I am sure the media will be all over this.
Now China is threatening our allies who share defense pacts with us, the latest is the Philippines Very aggressive
More than $500 million designated for Iraqi Army disappeared. Where is it? Our sad sad country--what have we come to?
Worired that the USC will strike down ObamaCare, is trying to implement his debacle in public schools 
I hope Mark Zuckerberg signs a prenup with his current girlfriend- perhaps soon to be wife. Otherwise, she can walk away with 9 billion.
My interview discussing Jamie Dimon, banking regulations and Mark Zuckerberg's prenuptial 
Why won't repeal the Defense of Marriage Act if he supports gay marriage? He is gaming the issue.
Why the nation's debt keeps growing - a Dept of Agriculture employee made over $242K with a $63K bonus Ridiculous.
Under, the Iranian nuclear program has rapidly grown. 
The final two- and - visited yesterday- 
Glad to see that Jamie Dimon passed yesterday's shareholder vote. The JP Morgan stock holders understand that a good CEO is worth keeping.
Wrong! Under watch, is not being invited to NATO summit in Chicago this month 
SHOCK! While attacking private equity experience, raises $2M from private equity bankers 
Mark Zuckerberg is clearly a brilliant guy. My advice? Get a pre-nup! 
Mitt Romney matches sitting President in fundraising for April--not an easy thing to do. Bad news for (cont) 
Donna Summer performed for me many times--she was great and will be missed. 
Sure--literary agent claims the 1991 booklet was a 'mistake' Pretty convenient.
America has lost its AAA rating and gained over $6T in debt under and now he wants to raise the debt ceiling--SCARY!
I loved Walter Cronkite, one of the all time greats. He couldn't stand Dan Rather--I agree with Walter. 
My interview discussing why I don't own Facebook stock and running a tough campaign against 
Hmmm...can you imagine me speaking at the RNC Convention in Tampa? That's a speech everyone would watch.
Glad to see that Sacha Baron Cohen's new movie is not only a dud but not too good at the box office. He is talentless. 
China is now given preference to buy US debt by going directly to Treasury. I don't believe knows that he selling us out.
The Republicans should use everything against --just as is going to use everything (cont) 
I'll be on Piers Morgan Tonight this evening, 9 pm on CNN. Be sure to tune in. 
The administration is pressuring contractors to fix job loss estimates from environmental regulations 
The storied success of Bain in private entrepreneurship and equity is one reason will be a great POTUS.
Capitalism doesn't guarantee success, only a chance to succeed. The community organizer doesn't (cont) 
Welcome to Twitter, !
ObamaCare's tax credit is underperforming by over 95% creating an even bigger cost to the debt It must be repealed!
What a series the is turning out to be! Tonight's game should be another close one.
Lolo Jones, our beautiful Olympic athlete, wants to remain a virgin until she gets married--she is great. 
Cadillac has made amazing strides in the beauty and quality of their cars. Great management team--congratulations! 
Egypt is going the exact opposite of what it was. They will soon be very strongly against Israel. Thanks, President Obama. 
George Will may be the dumbest(and most overrated) political commentator of all time. If the Republicans listen to him, they will lose.
is practically begging to disavow the place of birth movement, he is afraid of it and (cont) 
Losers such as George Will and use me to get publicity for themselves. They are strictly third rate.
I am very excited about hosting today for a fundraiser. Looking forward to seeing and many other friends.
In '08, said that Bush adding $4T to the debt was unpatriotic. has already added $6T.
Now has decided there are 5 million Palestinian refugees He always goes against interest.
Unsustainable- has increased total federal budget outlays by over 24% during his term He loves debt.
So will attack career at Bain Capital but won't return donations from Bain executives 
Perhaps biggest shortcoming as President is he failed to unite the country.
It's amazing how celebrities such as can say horrible untrue things about Republican politicians and it's (cont) 
I want to see college records to see how he listed his place of birth in the application.
What could be better than dinner with and me? 
Everybody is raving about the Trump Home Mattress by If you are looking for a mattress, go buy (cont) 
Scary--America would have had to pay all its GDP to the government to cover real 2011 budget deficit 
My interview with where I discuss 'birth certificate' and why has low ratings 
My interview discussing my fundraiser in Trump Int'l Hotel Las Vegas and the state of the (cont) 
George Will was pushing for for the GOP nomination in December...said he was going to win. (cont) 
It was an honor to be with the night he clinched the nomination. He will defeat and be a tremendous POTUS.
Commodity prices are beginning to drop as a result of the Euro crisis 
Dine with The Donald and Mitt 
Does anyone believe that did not fully write or review the 1991 publisher booklet?
US job cuts jumped 53% in May from April This is the Obama recovery?
Unemployment has risen today and some other very bad news has just been reported- the stock market is way down.
Thank you to the for a very nice story- 
Bay Bridge in California made in China for $1.8 billion. $300 million in cost overruns. Are we stupid?
interview on discussing her beautiful jewelry line,my son Barron and the 2012 campaign 
Over $1T in annual deficit spending and adding over $6T to the debt for what? May jobless numbers are horrendous. The great Obama recovery.
Tune in Sunday June 3 to NBC at 9pm ET for the 2012 Miss USA competition, coming from Planet Hollywood Resort &amp; Casino in Las Vegas
Now is telling donors he will need to 'revisit' healthcare in his 2nd term 
What a foolish move by to speak in Boston yesterday! Completely outmaneuvered by the campaign.
Waste! The CBO now estimates that stimulus cost $831B and a ridicuous $4.1M per job created 
Now the campaign is fundraising off of me. I should get a tax rebate! 
The 2012 contestants standing outside of Trump Tower in New York City- 2012 tomorrow at 9PM ET NBC.
Watch #MissUSA 2012 live tonight on at 9PM EST!
I had fun appearing in the video for Carly Rae Jepsen's #CallMeMaybe for #MissUSA 2012- 
My interview discussing #MissUSA Olivia Culpo, the job numbers &amp; the waste of the Obama stimulus 
The real war on women. Under 766,000 more women are unemployed from when he took office 
In some ways it is sad. We all wanted to succeed. It's not worked out that way.
Now that China's own economy is slowing watch how they start doing even bigger numbers in (cont) 
My interview. 
Just cancelled my subscription to Boring newspaper with no mojo--must be losing a fortune. Founder (cont) 
We have all been following the Wisconsin recall election. victory tonight will be well-earned. A Governor who gets results.
What a foolish statement by - he said that a VP pick would 'insult' Hispanics 
While spends recklessly on domestic projects, he is hollowing out our military with over $487B in cuts 
China's best friend wants to cut the US fleet down to 230 ships, the lowest level since WWI.
on tonight at 7PM EST. Tune in!
The Miss USA Pageant #MissUSA was a big ratings hit for --NBC won the evening. Thank you, Donald.
Why is spending millions to try and hide his records? He is the least transparent President--ever--and he ran on transparency.
While I own properties across the world I am very excited about my new acquisition of in Miami. (cont) 
It's good to see that is protecting the sanctity of this November's elections, Voter fraud must be broken.
How foolish did look yesterday trying to rationalize why accepts donations from Bain? 
Greece's financial calamity should serve as a warning. massive deficit spending is unsustainable.
Shock--even more solar corruption. chief of staff's firm got biggest DOE loan. 
Small businesses will have an ally in the White House with Mitt gave a great interview yesterday 
This is a tragedy. The real unemployment rate is 14.8% with over 23.2 million unemployed Americans. We can do much better.
Typical--Press Secretary deflects any criticism of Obama's constant celebrity visits by attacking me. My great honor.
Too bad I'll Have Another out of Belmont Stakes- interest now way down.
Beautiful in tomorrow as Audrey Hepburn in front of Tiffany's.
Miss Pennsylvania is just looking for free publicity at the expense of the real winner of Miss USA Olivia Culpo.
Accounting firm Ernst &amp; Young and the celebrity judges are insulted by Miss Pennsylvania's made up PR.
Miss Florida was great in her denial of Miss Pennsylvania's phoney statements. She blows Miss Pennsylvania away- a different league.
China has copied our military's F-22 Raptor design We should offset their theft from our debt.
WASTE--HUD is spending $70M to teach grant recipients how to spend the money from their grants Does it get any dumber?
Trump Tuesday--tomorrow at 7:38 AM.
My interview discussing comments, attacks on and &amp; low ratings 
As one of Miamii's largest landowners, I am pulling for the in the finals. Lebron's time is now! 
Don't believe the media stories. OPEC and the Saudis have not been doing us any favors recently with oil outputs. Oil should be $30/barrel.
Welcome to the new reality. Goldman Sachs just based their new Asia Pacific chairman not in Tokyo, but Beijing. 
Sad.has already exempted major oil importers on Iranian sanctions and is negotiating a waiver with China.
My interview discussing comments, a united 2012 GOP, #CelebApprentice &amp; Trump #Miss Universe 
Good news--is now leading in North Carolina according to The NC GOP is united after their (cont) 
Once again, tweets nonsense about She needs to stop tweeting &amp; start worrying about some of her many problems.
Thanks to rejecting the Keystone XL pipeline, China has become Canada's biggest oil consumer. China is laughing at us!
The healthcare plan post ObamaCare relies on consumer choices with more options The perfect remedy!
China's currency manipulation is one of our nation's greatest sovereign threats. The yuan has appreciated 40% against our dollar since 2005.
SCARY-$6T in debt and $1T annual budget deficits later, is asking for more time to fix the economy 
The one positive from the plunge in household wealth is that we are in a buyer's market. This is the time to buy!
Today is my birthday. My wish is for our country to be great and prosperous again.
Today both and are giving speeches on their economic policies in Ohio. The choice is (cont) 
Great players in sports make the game fun to watch. has continued to impress with another amazing season. Absolute professional.
Now is the time for the to be united with the mission of electing this November. Stop with the public divisions.
Today's announcement by on immigration was done for reelection. He is using the office of the presidency as a campaign tool.
The U.S. needs to protect our intelligence assets, especially in China. If the Chinese want to spy on us, then we need to return the favor.
Win a dinner with and me in New York this June 28th. It's selling like hotcakes! 
I'll be on on Monday at 7:30 AM. Always interesting. Tune in!
On Friday said that China has better cities and airports than the US. Well what has done about it the last 3 years?!
My interview re: Europe's financial mess, investing in Spain, Germany's economy and the future of the Euro 
Congrats to Roger Clemens, he showed great courage. This case never should have been brought to trial. Andy Pettitte did the right thing.
Putin has no respect for our President --- really bad body language.
Now is the time to buy housing, before values have fully recovered. In 5 years, remember I told you so.
Yesterday there was yet another massive intelligence leak by the administration. 
CORRUPT--with the national security leaks and Fast &amp; Furious, there are clearly at least two cover ups in White House.
SHOCK - people are sending paid political organizers to heckle at events 
The new trailer is fantastic Trump Tower stood in for Wayne Enterprises during filming.
Sad--just 16% of American parents think their children will be better off than them We can do much better!
Congrats to on winning championship. is a tremendous owner &amp; has done wonders for (cont) 
U.S. tuitions are completely out of control. In the last 4 years, the average price has gone up by 15%. Unsustainable!
Moody's is out to make publicity. The bank downgrades from yesterday don't make up for giving AAA (cont) 
Watch the WH spokesman try to spin rationale for using exec. priv. on Fast &amp; Furious 
Sometimes there is justice. A Chinese military newspaper was hacked. 
Wind Power is proving to be very costly and unsightly.
An insightful article on 
The Islamists have won. Just as I predicted, the Muslim Brotherhood has taken over Egypt. never should have abandoned Mubarek.
What a statesman! made sure to quickly call the Muslim Brotherhood victor to congratulate him on (cont) 
Another broken promise by : actually increases income inequality It must be fully repealed!
I am glad America is starting to get to know the way I know him. A wonderful &amp; decent family man (cont) 
Shock - DNC Convention has a $27M deficit and events are starting to be canceled. 
Welcome to the new Egypt Muslim Brotherhood representatives who won't take questions from Israeli journalists 
Scary--now China's Development Bank is looking to buy U.S. homes and developments They will own our country soon.
Who's the outsourcer? campaign is using a travel company with outsourced jobs in China and India. 
The Fed's actions these past 3 years could bring record high inflation in the near future. That would be (cont) 
It is terrible that did not appoint an independent counsel to investigate the national security leaks. No accountability.
#FullRepeal: Stopping Obamacare is now up to the American people. We must elect this November.
Obamacare will bankrupt our country and lead to socialized medicine. We must all focus now on electing this November.
Wind Farms are not only disgusting to look at but also cause tremendous damage to their local ecosystems. 
Had a great time with last night. He is focused and ready for the battle ahead. Lots of money was raised.
Interesting that Roberts said it was a tax in order to come out with his good public relations decision when (cont) 
Justice Kennedy should be proud of himself for sticking to his principles, in light of Justice Roberts' bullshit!
Great news--here comes the Tea Party! has received 42k donations online &amp; raised over $4.2 million since the ObamaCare decision.
ObamaCare has 21 tax hikes There's now only one solution--defeat this November! #GOMITT
Tomorrow is #TrumpTuesday on, 7:30 AM. Tune in!
Dangerous--The USC ObamaCare ruling means the government can now tax you for inactivity.
Why is continuing to lie? has found that did not ship jobs overseas 
The 'brunt' of ObamaCare will be shouldered by folks making under $120K 
Great poll numbers for just out--he is leading substantially in swing states.
Degenerate former Congressman Anthony Weiner is trying to make a comeback. He is a sick &amp; perverted man that New York does not want or need.
Wow--such sacrfices for his re-election. will not vacation in Martha's Vineyard this summer.
Just as I predicted, is preparing a possible attack on Iran right before November. 
I don't care what people say, I like Tom Cruise. He works his ass off and never ever quits. He's one of the few true movie stars.
May jobless numbers have been readjusted to 8.2%. economy is a disaster New numbers tomorrow.
Job numbers today--- terrible! So what else is new?
As I anticipated, Justice Roberts made the cover of Time Magazine etc. The liberal media now loves him-- he should be ashamed.
Keep an eye on Anthony Weiner. Weasels are hard to get rid of.
A Great 4th of July! America a great country who's brightest days, with wise leadership, lie ahead.
When true golfers see what I do at Doral it will be the hottest club in the country. #sayfie #newsmax
My family and I just arrived in Scotland for the grand opening of Trump International Golf Links, Scotland- 
I am truly honored to have been chosen Statesman of the Year by the Republican Party of Sarasota County. The (cont) 
I'm in Scotland to open what we hope to be the greatest golf course in the world--- it's amazing.
President Obama wants to hand over even more past tax returns- he should when reveals his college applications.
should not give any other further information until releases the things that everyone wants to see----
Why is constantly issuing executive orders that are major power grabs of authority? This is the latest 
The liberal media is focusing on bank records. How about reviewing illegal land deal contracts with Tony Rezko?
Everyone is talking about how Trump Tower is the exterior for Wayne Enterprises in Dark Knight Rises---it's true. 
What a coincidence?! campaign logo uses the same font as Cuban communist propaganda posters. 
Nice interview in the Atlantic of Sarasota GOP Chair Joe Gruters on my 2012 'Statesman of the Year' award 
Today addressed the NAACP. takes their vote for granted which is why there is such high Black unemployment.
Very strange--why do database records contradict and show he was only at Columbia 1 year? 
Almost daily more discrepancies in biography continue to arise. Who is this guy?
reported over $269,710 of foreign income out of his gross $894,520 and paid $5,841 in foreign taxes 
America's Olympic uniforms are manufactured in China. Burn the uniforms! #U.S.OlympicCommittee
Nasty tactics being used by campaign against Must stop saying Obama is a nice man--he is not!
Think of it---20% of our country is essentially unemployed.
should release all his records (like other Presidents)....
Penn State is doing a poor job in bringing its mess to a close.They should be ashamed for hiding Sandusky's crimes all these years...
In his entire political career, has never had a tough opponent before He is a paper tiger. #GOMITT
My interview discussing how should release his college applications &amp; records 
I hope is recuperating well in LA. Get better! 
Congratulations to on winning access to federal database He is making FL a safe &amp; legal election for 2012
He has no respect for American exceptionalism. has outsourced our space program to the Russians 
Outrageous--is trying to unilaterally gut welfare reform He doesn't believe in a strong work ethic.
If had such a wonderful academic record why wouldn't he want to show it?
I hope now starts asking for any &amp; all of sealed records--it's time.
Remember how did not have any tort reform? Now the trial lawyers are getting ready for even more lawsuits 
My review of #TheDarkKnightRises and more in today's #trumpvlog- 
When will we see passport records (sealed)?
Why would be spending millions of dollars to hide his records if there was nothing to hide?
Congratulations to John Roberts for making Americans hate the Supreme Court because of his BS 
Weird--why did BarackObama Sr. fail to list as his son in his 1961 INS application? 
On the red carpet at the NYC premiere of Dark Knight Rises with 
Cindy Adams has a great report on the Dark Knight Rises premiere 
Congratulations to on his successful Cold Case Posse investigation which claims 'birth certificate' is fake
Why does HI Revised Statute 338-17.8 allow an HI resident who doesn't have to be US citizen to procure an official Hawaii birth certificate?
So campaign is calling a potential criminal How about Obama's Tony Rezko land deal!
What's more important for the American public to have? tax returns or sealed records?
So is celebrating his 'birthday' with a fundraiser in his home he bought with the help of Rezko 
Taking a photo with my family on the opening day of Trump International Golf Links Scotland- 
Corrupt--largest bundlers are fundraisers linked to the Obama Solyndra boondoggle Chicago cronyism
My interview where I discuss Job Council, investigation &amp; 2012 election 
Great new campaign ad just released by 
Via --why doesn't release his original book proposal which says he was born in Kenya?
In 1999 said that he didn't support Welfare Reform He just gutted the entire program.
I hope Bill Clinton and NEWSMAX's Chris Ruddy are enjoying their mission to Africa. Two great people.
Irresponsible! In the last 6 months has held over 100 fundraisers and not a single meeting with his Job Council.
Some really dumb blogger for failing, a magazine whose ads are down almost 18% this year, said I wear a hairpiece --- I DON'T!
Breitbart gets it! Vote now--should release his college application records and grades. He says he (cont) 
I am impressed with the scam pulled, but the truth will come out.
Bay Bridge in San Fransisco, built in China, keeps getting worse. Cost overruns are out of control --- China is having a field day with us!
I'll be on Monday morning at 7:30 AM. Tune in!
Weekly jobless claims are now at an astronomical 365,000. Manufacturing sector is suffering badly. We must do better. 
The NYPD has been doing a fantastic job protecting NYC. I hope Chief Ray Kelly is strongly considering running for mayor.
Hypocrite--has major investments in companies that are outsourcing jobs overseas 
SHOCK--Hugo Chavez endorses Will he be in Chicago on election night too?
Fast trial and death penalty for maniac in Colorado--- immediately pass speed up legislation.
BIG--is preferred to handle the economy over by 63%-29% in a poll 
China's domestic economic and political problems prove how pathetic our leadership is in allowing China to rip us off 
Which campaign is possibly on the trajectory towards insolvency? At least is consistent.
leadership has permanently scarred &amp; perhaps destroyed a great university. They should have (cont) 
The acquisition of Ichiro was a smart move. I look forward to watching him play.
I can't stress strongly enough that we are currently in a buyer's residential market.Try to buy directly from a bank.
Twitter is on enemies list 
Remember when promised you could keep your coverage? Study shows 1 in 10 employers will drop health care 
Amazing how fast all of Joe Paterno's friends abandoned him. They ran for the hills.
The Federal government has $2.7T in assets &amp; $17.5T in total liabilities plus another $4.7T in intergovernmental debt. Have a nice day.
The Audacity of --the Federal Reserve purchased 61% of all debt issued by Treasury in 2011. Killing our children's future.
I am confident when American public gets to know, the race will go his way. He's honorable &amp; successful man--polls looking good.
Good news - has beating 49%-44% Obama was up by 5% at same point in '08.
What a 'nice guy' - 97% of campaign ads have been negative attacks on Give it back Mitt!
Smart move by the Democrats to have Pres. play a key role in their convention.
The difference between and campaign promises to is that Mitt will actually keep all of his.
should be careful questioning on diplomacy--how many times has Obama apologized for our country on foreign soil?!
The US GDP in 2010 was 4.1%, down to 2% in 2011 &amp; now 1.5%. I guess plan is not working!
The Chinese are illegally dumping bird-killing wind turbines on our shores. Only one of many grievances--we should act.
Not only does ObamaCare have at least 21 new taxes but it will lead to a tremendous doctor shortfall.
Reckless--is projecting $1.2T deficit from 2012 budget &amp; a projected $25.4T debt in a decade 
blocked Keystone. Now China is preparing a massive $1.5B oil deal with Canada. A terrible deal for US!
Great job to Missy Franklin. She's got a smile that can take over the world. She's also a major talent. Great going, Missy!
The polling numbers for 2012 are very interesting--will Americans ultimately want their leaders to be 'likeable' or 'competent'?
Another example of diplomatic triumphs--he gave the Queen of England an iIPod filled with his speeches.
Attended last night's game--Derek Jeter is both a great player and a great guy.
More waste, fraud and abuse - over $460M in food stamps went to ineligible households Where's the accountability?
Enjoying the Olympics. Great coverage by as well. GO TEAM USA!
No member of Congress should be eligible for re-election if our country's budget is not balanced---deficits not allowed!
Consumer spending is continuing to fall with weak June numbers. policies have created a climate (cont) 
.--you are the greatest Olympic champion of them all. Fantastic job!
Now is issuing regulatory demands to states ordering no firings in November 
The deficits under are the highest in America's history. Why is he bankrupting our country?
Congratulations to on his Texas primary victory last night. He will be an outstanding Senator.
Thanks for the beautiful picture--- you are fantastic!
Jobless claims rose yet again last week economic record is abysmal--we can do much better.
The U.S. manufacturing sector has suffered its greatest order losses under He has stood idle while China steals our jobs.
So generous and pious! After spending millions of our tax dollars on his campaign through travel, donated to himself.
We need a President who understands the economy - has US unemployment at 8.2% in July, up from 8% in June 
US interest payments on the debt have already passed $375B this year China is laughing at us---as usual.
New job numbers once again show no growth or recovery. Unemployment has been over 8% for 41 straight months--now up to 8.3%
Congratulations to Gabby Douglas on winning the Gold for the USA in gymnastics. She is terrific!
Congratulations to on concluding the greatest Olympic career ever. You have made us all very proud.
Our athletes in the Olympics are proving once again to be the greatest competitors in the world. Makes us proud to be Americans.
China's Olympic training program is abusive It is modern day slavery &amp; shameful. Their (cont) 
will create 2 million new jobs if elected POTUS. If reelected, will create over $12T in new debt. Easy choice.
Wrong--'08 campaign manager &amp; current Senior WH Advisor collected $100G fee from Iranian affiliate 
Convenient - David Plouffe collected $100G fee from Iranian affiliate only a month before joining 
The Fed should not do another 'stimulus.' We can't keep spending our children's future away on waste.
The Senate should be more concerned about actually passing a budget than spreading lies about taxes.
Congratulations to --yesterday marked the 1 YR anniversary of our country's credit being downgraded 
The real war on women--over 175,000 fewer held jobs in July &amp; 94,000 dropped out of labor force We must do better.
Glad to hear Clint Eastwood endorsed He understands that America needs a big boost to be strong again.
Now China 'calls in' US diplomats to lecture them on their illegal escapades. The new reality. is weak.
The real outsourcer - is funding German automakers with the GM bailout money How does that help us?
The has 'clarified' that the unemployment is actually 8.254% not 8.3% A little sensitive are we?
I have founded and run one of the largest real estate empires in the world. I employ thousands of people. Why am I the enemy?
Now the world is looking to China for an economic 'lift' has ruined our economic hegemony.
Glad to hear that will be speaking at the Convention. He is a true conservative and fantastic governor!
A 'confidential source' has called my office and told me that has added over $6T to the new national debt &amp; ruined US credit.
I am honored that has featured my plane in one of his attack ads. It was made in America!
Glad that is hitting on ending work requirements for welfare. Obama attacks the American work ethic.
Looking forward to meeting the great folks of Sarasota GOP party when I am honored as 'Statesman of the Year.' Should be a wonderful time.
is doing very badly. Also, very inaccurate stories. Like AOL, when will they fail?
My interview on discussing the convention, sealed records &amp; real estate advice 
Our major airports are decaying. It's embarrassing. We need to have them renovated by competent professionals--and fast.
I always enjoy being interivewed on by John Gambling. My father Fred used to listen to his father's show.
Pathetic--is 'sweetening' his offer to the Taliban Read 'The Art of The Deal.'
.-Hood: Rob our children's future by borrowing from the Chinese to pay for socialist programs that will bankrupt us.
Job openings are at a 4 year high but businesses aren't hiring Why? ObamaCare, US debt &amp; tax plan.
These are facts: In 2001, the US opened its markets to China &amp; since then more than 2 million Americans can't (cont) 
To all struggling young entrepreneurs--stay positive in this tough climate and keep looking for good deals. They are out there.
Have you been to the in the Trump Tower Atrium? Best meatloaf in the City--my mother's famous recipe. 212.836.3249
I wonder if ever had an Indonesian passport. Did he become an Indonesian citizen when he lived there?
The brand new season of starts filming in less than 5 weeks. The 'All Star' cast will be announced very soon.
See Newsmax story re Republican National Convention 
Even more crony capitalism &amp; corruption. We are guaranteeing a $105M loan to another Obama donor 
.'Donald Trump' song is at 64.5M views on YouTube You're welcome Mac!
Just letting China know in advance that the USA will win the medal count in the Olympics. Even with your cheating you can't beat us.
Waste. With 22 new taxes &amp; $1.8T in added debt, disgraceful 'ObamaCare' will still leave 30M uninsured 
and I gave a great review of your show in my #trumpvlog 
CEO John Schnatte has told shareholders that ObamaCare will force him to raise pizza prices REPEAL!
The Penn State Board should resign based on the grossly incompetent way they handled the NCAA. They gave away (cont) 
All recent Presidents have released their transcripts. What is hiding?
China is cooking up conspiracy theories that the Olympics are rigged. They don't understand why they can't cheat.
As we told the, I was asked to speak at the RNC but said no, because I will be doing something much bigger--just watch!
Newsmax article: 'Trump Declines Prime Time GOP Convention Speech' 
given a raw deal in story--not fair.
Congratulations to our great Women's Olympic Soccer team on their gold medal. They made us all proud!
Sad--only 36% think America's best days are ahead while 49% believe they are in the past We can &amp; must do better.
Waste--Dep. of Energy was warned in advance by Treasury that it wasn't loaning $ out in good deals 
RT : Was Barack Obama A Foreign Exchange Student? 
Over 2 million people have lost their jobs since became POTUS. How many of them still have healthcare?
Monday morning 7:30 AM I'll be on Tune in!
Today will borrow 40 cents on every dollar he spends from China. Just another day at the office.
The Chicago machine is scared. shows that will run on a conservative &amp; coherent platform. 85 days until victory!
Trump Chicago was featured in Transformers 3. Trump Tower was featured in Dark Knight Rises. Both are summer blockbusters. #MidasTouch
Glad to hear patriotic Americans are organizing a movement this August to boycott Chinese products People get it!
Congratulations to our Olympic team for by far winning the most medals, including first place gold.
Today is #TrumpTuesday on, 7:30 AM. Tune in!
My interview discussing pick of, how to frame Medicare debate &amp; convention 
Now is the time to buy a house if you can DIRECTLY from a bank. They want to get rid of all their foreclosures.
Glad to hear will be delivering the Keynote for the convention. He will deliver a strong message.
By the US winning the Olympic medal count, we proved that both the American spirit &amp; talent is greater than a 1.4B population. USA!
Every sports fan is treated to an All Star game. The loyal and growing fan base of will be getting a much bigger treat!
Great news--Chinese companies who were fixing prices and accounting are leaving the US stock market #TimeToGetTough
The Euro is going to collapse soon. Cross border lending is already down and banks are stopping their Euro investments.
is promoting ugly, inefficient, unreliable, bird-killing, noisy, neighborhood-destroying wind turbines. Big mistake.
Nobody wants wind turbines, they are failing all over the world and need massive subsidy--a disaster for taxpayers.
Congratulations to on winning last night's primary!
Lightweight reporter Alex Pareene is known as a total joke in political circles. Hence, he writes for Loser Salon. 
I'm really glad that no longer says what a nice guy is.
Richard Mourdock--a very good man running for the Senate in Indiana. Hopefully, he will win! 
visited today- 
I have always done well with properties fronting on oceans, lakes and rivers. If something works, stay with it.
$716 Billion from Medicare by When will it end?
is suggesting football is going away and will lose. is a moron.
Chelsea Clinton will be very successful in the world of politics. She's always been a great person--a winner. (cont) 
The should have an amazing team next year with Kobe, Nash and Howard. Will be fun to watch.
One of the hardest jobs in politics must be cleaning up after gaffes. I feel sorry for his spokespeople.
My interview with Don Imus on discussing my convention surprise &amp; China policy 
I wonder what the work atmosphere is like It must be hard working at a dying institution.
A great photo of and me 
There's only only one person who has defunded Medicare. His name is 
Congratulations to on passing 1,000 episodes. is still going strong after all these years--is great!
I still hold the all-time attendance and pay per view record at 
Jennifer Aniston is engaged--she's a great person and I wish her well.
I always said will attack Iran, in some form, prior to the election.
Palm Springs, CA has been destroyed--absolutely destroyed--by the world's ugliest wind farm at the Gateway on Interstate 10. Very very sad!
shouldn't give additional tax returns until gives his passport records, college records &amp; applications...
...is hiding plenty of bad things.
The country of Georgia is a small wonder. Performing well economically under the leadership of A great American ally.
had to give $1,000 to brother for his child's hospital bill Isn't that disgraceful?
Even NY Democrats are avoiding convention He is dragging his own party down with him
&amp; get what needs to be done to reign in China. gets kicked around by the Chinese.
US government's foreign indebtedness has grown over 72% under He is bleeding us dry to China.
If really loved this country, he wouldn't be destroying it. He has ruined our credit and killed jobs with ObamaCare.
Congratulations to on leading Virginia to be in the black for a 3rd straight year. He is a fantastic governor.
I'll be on on Monday at 7:30 AM--tune in!
Congratulations to and Arnold on 'Expendables 2' #1 box office opening. Still going strong!
Oil is rising back over $100 barrel. OPEC loves to rip us off. Why shouldn't they--they always get away with it.
Scary thought--is a heartbeat away from the Presidency.
Unemployment is up in 44 states showing July's unemployment numbers to be broad based is a job killer.
Why are we continuing to train these Afghanis who then shoot our soldiers in the back? Afghanistan is a complete waste. Time to come home!
., get better fast. I'm starting to miss you!
Congratulations to Billy Payne and on doing the right thing.
My interview discussing how is running a hateful campaign &amp; the convention 'Surprise' 
My interview discussing #TRUMPTUESDAYS high ratings, statement &amp; policies 
More of my #TRUMPTUESDAY interview discussing how the US gets killed negotiating with other countries 
If you have any doubt that must be defeated see '2016: Obama's America.' Amazing film!
Glad to hear that has put some strong anti-China referendums in the convention platform.
It's Tuesday. I wonder how much money lost today--great purchase AOL
was great on last night. Roger and Larry are good friends!
Distressed real estate opportunities can make great investments. You need the foresight and instincts to know the property's true potential.
Only three weeks until the new season of begins filming--great all-star cast.
I am tired of talking about father. Why don't we discuss Barack Obama Sr.!
It's amazing how many people still come up to me to thank me for 'The Art of The Deal.' The book has changed a lot of lives.
Many people will be surprised at what is about to be released concerning background. I, for one, won't be.
was caught telling Russian PM that he can be more 'flexible' in his second term. Russia thinks he's weak.
Gas prices are soaring. $4.12 in CA. OPEC is laughing at how stupid we are.
We are about to have a record $500B trade deficit with the Chinese this year. That money should be back here financing jobs in America.
Congratulations to Derek Jeter on passing Eddie Murray last night to become the 11th all-time hit leader.
Can't wait to meet patriotic small business owners next week in Sarasota and Tampa! Hey, We Did Build It!
It's Wednesday. I wonder how much money borrowed from China today?
It's sad to see once decent newspapers like failing so badly. I just don't know if they can be saved.
Today we just passed 1.4 million twitter followers..
It's Thursday. I wonder how much money drained from Medicare today to finance ObamaCare.
It is truly an honor that His Eminence Archbishop of New York will be delivering the benediction at the convention.
Wind turbines are a scourge to communities and wildlife. They are environmental disasters.
...Spread shots out over long period and watch positive result.
will make us energy independent by 2020 will keep wasting money on Solyndra projects.
The independent watchdog who exonerated for the failed green energy loans just donated $52,500 to Obama's campaign.
A hurricane will be coming to Tampa. My convention surprise hits Monday night!
The Muslim brotherhood is sending tanks into the Sinai &amp; saying it doesn't violate Camp David accord.
I am very surprised that gave up. I never thought he was a quitter...
should immediately reconsider or his legacy is ruined.
Dishonest reporters knowingly write lies that I said, children should not get vaccinated. I believe fully (cont) 
Former Navy SEAL Questions birthplace
Terrible tragedy at the Empire State Building today. Must have fast trials and death penalty for the animals.
is bankrupting this country. His budget adds another $4.4T to the debt, putting us over $20T in total debt by 2016.
Disgusting--supporters are launching an anti-Mormon whisper campaign Shameful but no surprise.
Here is a letter I received yesterday from someone who has had personal experience with our health care situation. 
Life brings you many surprises. As a child I used to vacation with my family at the Doral in Miami. Now I own it. 
Florida has been very good to me. I am really esxcited to give back at the Sarasota GOP event and convention. Will be fun!
.'2016: Obama's America' is expanding to over 1,000 theaters this weekend. Will be highest grossing documentary in 2012. !!
It's Friday. How many bald eagles did wind turbines kill today? They are an environmental &amp; aesthetic disaster.
I am sure the will do a great job bracketing the convention. They are a tremendous statewide organization.
sent over 100,000 jobs and Canadian oil to China all because he would not approve Keystone XL.
is begging the Eurozone to keep Greece in until after 11.6.12. He thinks the world revolves around his re-election.
I knew Chris Matthews when he was sane and, quite honestly, wonderful. Now he's gone off the deep end as an Obama surrogate. 
One point I made last night and will continue to push is that the can't be pollitically correct. We must fight fire with fire.
Sorry to hear of the passing of Neil Armstrong over the weekend. He was an American hero.
As usual, the weather people got it wrong in Tampa. They just look for headlines &amp; ratings!
is unattractive both inside and out. I fully understand why her former husband left her for a man- he made a good decision.
The Bay Bridge in San Francisco is being built by the Chinese--tremendous cost overruns. A total mess. We should build our own bridges, etc
My interview discussing the Convention, businesses making products in China and unemployment 
everyone adores you- including me- get well fast!
Remember when ran for Governor of California. She got 3 votes.
Happy to hear that Faith and Freedom chapters are at the convention supporting We must be united to win!
and I are looking forward to watching speech tonight. She is an amazing woman who will be a great First Lady!
is going to do a fantastic job tonight explaining why should be elected and has to go.
China must be worried that will win this November. They have never had such a pushover like 
An excerpt of my interview at the Sarasota 'Statesman of the Year' dinner discussing the Tea Party 
My #TrumpTuesday interview discussing the 2012 election, OPEC ripping us off &amp; job policy 
It's Wednesday, how much money is China stealing from us today?
I am astonished that the media continues to lie. gutted welfare reform. It is a fact!
I was putting together my early deals in New York &amp; I was advised by many that I was too young. Believe in yourself &amp; you can do anything.
Even the SEALS who killed Bin Laden don't like 
Only two weeks until we start shooting We really have something amazing for the fans this year.
Congratulations to on last night's tremendous speech. Mike united the party faithful and explained that we can do better.
I wonder what was thinking last night as delivered that knockout speech. Joe should call in sick for the VP debate.
Book on Bin Laden is a terrible violation of code--makes story a big lie.
I am impressed with how clearly explains the challenges we face and the solutions will bring as President.
Of course attacked 'birthers' in praising speech. Chris has completely lost it.
A fact--golfers don't get aches &amp; pains like others who don't golf. It is amazingly remedial.
Gas prices are about to hit a record high during the Labor Day weekend. could have stopped this.
I loved watching Clint Eastwood last night--he was terrific!
.entire life and career have built prosperity and growth.
was great the other night. People love him.
We have all the cards. Now is the time to make a great deal with Iran.
I am sure the Chinese are getting anxious. They watch the polls. won't let them cheat us anymore.
Republicans should have been much tougher on Obama. Just wait until you see what Obama does to Romney at the DNC!
Andy Roddick...a great tennis player is a fantastic guy with a wonderful wife.
on tonight with her fabulous Melania Timepieces &amp; Jewelry. Tune in at 1AM EST!
If you have a speech-one that would put Winston Churchill to shame, liberals would find a way to make it sound terrible!
I win awards for speaking-but the enemies either won't comment or will say only bad...leave Clint alone!
Great going Andy Roddick! Another victory for a fabulous player. Brooklyn Decker is good luck.
As I predicted 1 year ago, gasoline prices hit a record high today...OPEC is having a ball at our expense.
Joe Paterno's family should sue the idiots that made that ridiculous deal--and commissioned the one sided report.
Why does have such a fascination with my plane? He is more than welcomed to come for a ride.
Is this Hope &amp; Change? A record 46.7M Americans were on food stamps this past June. We must do better.
Smart move by having Pres. Bill Clinton deliver the convention keynote.
The media can track down old girlfriend and marathon time but can't find college applications or other info.
Record setting gas prices in the U.S. -- we're really looking dumb. Lots of $'s being made on us.
With our national debt passing $16T during the convention, has amassed more debt than the first 42 presidents. Scary.
NBC Wall St Journal Poll of African American voters: 94%, 0% worse than Hillary's old numbers. Is that racism?
The Chinese are better off than they were 4 years ago. They have stolen even more from us in jobs &amp; trade during term.
No surprise. is letting the Muslim Brotherhood in Egypt default on their US loans Big mistake!
teammate is angry and jealous--he is no Lance.
Why does US doping agency destroy an American icon,, for events that took place years ago in France?
is a special player. After winning the Gold for the US in the Olympics, it looks like she will (cont) 
Almost every T.V. show is asking me to go on--especially the It's simple--I get the ratings!
Have you seen the new #TRUMP line of clothing, apparel and fragrances ? Selling like hotcakes. Great for Christmas gifts, etc.
The Democrats dropped all references to God from their platform. Not good!
Scary thought--is the sexual pervert Anthony Weiner now in Charlotte? Did he bring his phone with him?
Other networks are begging me to do a show--I can't because I'm doing the Apprentice!
Once again under, the US has fallen down the ranks of global competitiveness We must do better.
Bill Clinton did a great job last night--the Democrats are lucky to have him. Do you really believe he likes ?
is now taking credit for changing party platform language but he reviewed it prior to the convention 
Remember while is lauding himself tonight with self-indulgent compliments we have our brave soldiers fighting in Afghanistan.
The Chinese are mistreating Hillary Clinton on her trip They have zero respect for us. Outrageous!
Scary--while has been POTUS for 1.6% of America's history, he has amassed 33.3% of the total debt.
Under, 1 out of every 7 Americans is on food stamps.
The Republicans must get Virgil Goode out of the race in Virginia. He will take votes away from 
Dems had a very good and professional convention. The Republicans must be smart and tough--and fast!
Drew Peterson, a real sleaze, just convicted of killing wife. Change the law so he gets death penalty.
Today's job report is dismal. Now a record 88,921,000 Americans are no longer in the work force.
There are now 119,000 fewer Americans employed than there were in July. The economy is still terrible.
Unemployment rate only dropped because more people are out of labor force &amp; have stopped looking for work.Not a real recovery, phony numbers
This chart from AEI's shows how terrible 'recovery' really is: Disaster.
During presidency, median family income has fallen 4.8% Terrible for the middle class.
One of the best moves I ever made was staying out of last decade's artificial real estate boom. But I used the downturn to my advantage.
Barack Obama used to mock Bush's 300K monthly job reports Now Obama wishes he could have a month half as good.
Why has Barack Obama repeatedly told inconsistent stories about his religious background? Who is he?
Today we remember and honor our fellow Americans and NYPD and FDNY who fell 11 years ago.
An impromptu interview I did with German TV on 9/11 down by Ground Zero discussing the attack and WTC Towers 
My #TrumpTuesday interview with Ken Langone &amp; Dick Grasso discussing the Chicago teachers' strike 2012 
On this solemn day of remembrance we can all take joy in the fact that Bin Laden's last sight was a Navy SEAL pulling the trigger.
The onus of the Chicago teachers' strike falls squarely on the teachers &amp; their union. Inexcusable to leave children without school.
Whatever happened to Obama's 'independent investigation' into national security leaks from his administration? Where's the media?
Why won't Obama release his college applications? Is there something 'foreign' about them?
China is an international pariah. They are now harassing Japan over its purchase of 3 uninhabited islands 
Priorities--while fundraising and campaigning on our dime, Obama has skipped over 50% of his intel briefings 
Amazing. has started filming our record 13th season this week thanks to our big and very loyal fan base.
I hope the realizes that if they blow this election the Tea Party won't be with them next time.
Why is the Pentagon wasting precious dollars on going 'green.' Complete waste. We need the best &amp; easiest fuel for our military.
We fight to free Libya and they kill our Ambassador and other Americans. Obama's foreign policy is a joke.
Obama doesn't know what he's doing. His foreign policy is a disaster. Libya, Egypt, Iraq, Afghanistan--all (cont) 
I always said the people we fought for in Libya were bad news. Once again, I was right.
Libya is selling its oil to China--I notice the Chinese Ambassador is very safe.
Obama is a disaster at foreign policy. Never had the experience or knowledge. He is not capable of doing the job.
It's Wednesday, how many more of our embassies will be stormed by Islamists?
No surprise. displayed Russian ships in tribute to vets Did they mean to honor the Russians?
I guess Obama's Cairo Speech really worked out. The Muslim Brotherhood stormed our embassy on 9.11. Imagine if Obama speaks in Beijing?
Our $16T national debt is now bigger than our $15T GDP. If Obama is re-elected watch for an economic meltdown in 2013.
This is all about American weakness and an incompetent President.
We threw our ally Mubarak overboard and Egypt is now our enemy. Great going Obama--Israel is in trouble.
With the high prices of corn to continue expect even more inflation on the price of food.
Romneys campaign is being put on the defensive. He cannot let this happen. Stop pandering. Must get tougher (cont) 
Filming of the record 13th season of has started. Be sure to be on the lookout for future updates.
Obama told that Egypt is no longer an ally. They used to be until he pushed out Mubarak.
Shouldn't there have been increased security at our embassies on the anniversary of 9/11?
With allies like Egypt and Libya, who needs enemies?!
What a coincidence that Obama's good friends in Libya and Egypt picked 9/11 to attack our embassies.
The media is pathetic. Our embassies are savaged by radicals while Obama does nothing and all they can do is criticize 
I will be speaking Monday, September 24, (10 A.M.) at Liberty University, to a record setting student body. I look forward to it!
Why are we still giving billions of dollars we don't have in foreign aid to the Muslim Brotherhood in Egypt?
Obama's convention bounce is gone. has retaken the lead in the latest 
should continue to stay on offense on the embassy issue. Obama, who put these radicals in power, deserves blame.
Welcome to Obama's America--record high poverty and an 8% drop in median household family income Four more years?
Congratulations to Obama and the The federal deficit has topped $1T for a fourth year in a row Nice work!
I keep getting great feedback on new #TRUMP cologne 'Success.' Exclusively available at And best shirts &amp; ties
Must see video--Obama's criticism of is identical to Carter's on Reagan 
I hate redesign--the logo is terrible. Lightweight Al Neuharth must've had something to do with this No wonder paper is failing.
Sam, you're 100% correct. Frankly I wish they'd scram.
That could be. Agreed.
Sometimes that's necessary.
Josh--Thanks, I think you're right.
Thanks Scott. I appreciate your nice words.
It's amazing--has completely lost all connections to reality. He is a complete shill for Obama.
Why doesn't Obama let our marines who are guarding the embassies in Egypt have live ammunition? They need it fast.
QE3 is going to further sink the dollar into oblivion. Creates artificial numbers for short term market gains. (cont) 
Hey --I hear you are undecided in the election. I can explain why you should vote for 
Weekly jobless claims are up once again. The economy cannot recover with Obama in office.
Occupy Wall Street is at it again- go out and get a job. It's actually easier work and far more rewarding.
Kate Middleton is great--but she shouldn't be sunbathing in the nude--only herself to blame.
After being ripped off for years, Obama finally figured out that China is taking advantage of us. He's finally listening to me.
Gas prices have doubled under Obama. Over $5/gallon now in California. We must start drilling from our own resources to become independent.
With 50 days until the election, it is #TimeToGetTough for &amp; 
Eli Manning staged a great comeback in 4th quarter--an elite quarterback.
Still a buyer's market. Buy directly from a bank. They want to offload properties that have defaulted, will give good prices &amp; financing.
While Obama is denying it, he did receive intelligence about the attacks 3 days before Too busy campaigning?
China is now attacking Japan's economy for leverage Soon they will try the same with us. #TimeToGetTough
I'll be at Liberty University Monday, 10 AM, for speech. Looking forward to meeting students--all sold out!
At the National Achievers Congress in London this October, I'm going to talk about success and how to avoid failure 
I never went bankrupt. Enemies love to say I did. Didn't happen.
My #TrumpTuesday interview discussing QE3, leaked comments, Middle East &amp; US oil capability 
This morning played some of the video I filmed for the Tampa Convention 
The majority of Americans agree with comments on and Iran.
It's Tuesday. How many more non-stories will the liberal media try to manufacture so everyone ignores Obama's record?
None of Romney's leaked comments change the fact that Obama is a complete disaster. 20% real unemployment and $6T in deficit spending.
Liberal press won't look into why Obama ignored security warnings for embassies but is obsessed with Romney's private comments.
Industrial turbines are destroying our land.
Can you believe--they are blaming for Egypt.
I'll be on tonight at 10 PM Fox News
Obama killed over 100k jobs by not approving Keystone XL pipeline and Canada is now selling the oil to China--very dumb!
Filming for Season 13 is now into the 2nd week. The 'All-Star' cast is already hard at work.
It will be fantastic!
Tune in!
Dopey--I have never filed for bankruptcy (as you know!)
Obama should play golf with Republicans &amp; opponents rather than his small group of friends. That way maybe the terrible gridlock would end.
Technology has shown we have tremendous energy resources right under our feet that we didn't know about 5 years ago.
Oil would be $25 a barrel if our government would let us drill. Our country would be rich again--who needs OPEC.
My interview 
Don't let them build a wind turbine in your backyard (or near your house). It will destroy your property value.
China has been unfairly subsidizing the export of cars &amp; auto parts. I've been saying this for 3 years...
...come down hard--tax the hell out of their imports and reduce our deficit fast.
Have you seen the new #Trump fall collection exclusively available ? Top selling brand nationwide.Ties, shirts, fragrance-great gifts.
QE3, a political favor for Obama, will cause record inflation on food and fuel. This hits low income families the hardest. Big mistake.
To be successful, never give up. My secrets to success will be shared at the National Achievers Congress in London. 
My interview with explaining why Mitt should not apologize 
Interesting article by :It Is Time to Use The Trump Card Thanks Matt for the nice mention
Yesterday I was in Washington, D.C. visiting the #TRUMP Old Post Office renovation. It will be magnificent.

Now every time Islamic militants attack they will use that movie as an excuse What was the excuse before the movie?
Thanks, and we will keep you posted.
Not a bad idea.( I'm in a magnanimous mood.)
Obama's Def. Sec. just said US Asia focus 'not aimed to contain China' China is hoping that Obama is re-elected.


I really like Chelsea Clinton--an amazing young woman. She got the best of both parents. (agrees)
A happy and healthy family.
At the Univision forum Obama continued to make excuses for Fast and Furious His operation killed innocent Americans.
I have fun, I love what I do. You should too. Find out how at the National Achievers Conference this October. 
Rising premium costs from Obamacare will cost businesses billions Guess where these new costs get passed to - you.
No matter how diligent you are in evaluating a business deal there is invariably one factor you have no control over--luck...
I'll be on Monday at 7:30 AM. Tune in!
It's real.
A letter from an amazing woman 
A letter written to one of my many critics! 
The Ryder Cup will be amazing this week.
Just left Liberty University. Chancellor Jerry Falwell Jr.&amp; his father have done an amazing job...great school &amp; the students were fantastic
Why did give his tax returns without demanding that Obama release his college records &amp; applications in return?
The Republican Party must spend its money wisely and do incredible television commercials. They must be tough and smart.
With all of the bad economic numbers and horrendous foreign policy, Obama should be down by 12 points--and he's not.
The Emmys were horrendous...the absolute worst show!
All these polls released by news outlets are oversampling Democrats. They want to influence public perception of the race.
Despite all of China's cheating, they are not doing that well--we can beat them--our country has great potential!
The attack on our Libyan consulate was the worst attack on the US since 9/11. Time for Obama to come clean.
With Obama and Bernanke destroying the value of the dollar, gold and real estate should continue to rise in value.
RT : I am running for president to get us creating wealth again--not to redistribute it.
Scary--Obama's budget deficits are so out of control that he has to borrow 40 cents on every dollar he spends.
Secure your place at the National Achievers Congress in London. It will be an amazing event with a great surprise. 
The debates are going to have a big impact on the election. has proved--in Florida--he delivers under pressure.
Home values have sunk a record 15% under Obama.
Muslim Brotherhood head of Egypt Morsi is already making demands on Obama before the WH visit. Obama's foreign policy is a complete failure.
The Obama Economy--workers added to disability and individuals added to food stamps more than doubles net jobs created 
Thanks!
I am sure you would be just fine!
Not a bad idea!
Late winter or early spring. It will be a great season!
Thousands of great people showed up from Liberty University yesterday. I love standing ovations! 
Did a shoot in front of the Metropolitian Museum on 5th Ave for the 13th season of the Apprentice...
...well into our 4th week of shooting the record 13th season of The 'All Stars' are hard at work...
...yet not one meeting with an ally (or an enemy!) Where's the media?
Obama will be going on &amp; fundraising while in NYC for the UN Assembly...
Read about my speech in Morning Score 
...Never let yourself be pushed around--but treat the good folks great.
...One point I made sure to stress at is to be sure to get even with anyone who crosses you...
English taxpayers should stop subsidizing the destruction of Scotland by paying massive subsidies for ugly wind turbines.
Andy Williams has died. He was a friend of mine and a great guy.
Hope &amp; Change--the number of 26 year olds living with parents has jumped 46% under Obama Four more years?
Housing prices will be going up big league--a great time to buy--good luck!
A clip of my speech talking about the importance of the election &amp; our country's potential
China is filling the vacuum left by Obama at the UN on the world stage.
China has done very well under Obama. Now they just released their first aircraft carrier.
No matter how good the replacement refs do, they will be soundly criticized--they can't win!
Huff post gets it wrong re: Ferry Point...the only leakage of gas is from Arianna Huffington.
Liberty University speech by DJT was biggest by far in school's history. Standing ovations...great young people!
Just bought the Kluge Estate in Charlottesville, Virginia (don't worry, only business). See Washington Post article
did an amazing job raising money for with his event featuring Watch 
Congratulations to my friend David Wright of the who is now their all-time hitting leader.
The full video of my speech Liberty's largest ever Convocation crowd.
If only the morons were as concerned with Obama's inconsistent statements on the Embassy attacks as they are (cont) 
I hope the is ready for a Third Party if they blow this election because that is what they will face. They must fight hard.
A resort in Arizona is using sewage to make snow. Environmentalists are going crazy--I won't be skiing in that snow.
ObamaCare is a failure. Costs are rising much faster under Obama than other Presidents.
China's Financial Institutions are expanding overseas. They will own everything if we don't stop them now.
must ask for Obama's college records &amp; applications--why is he not doing this?
Someone must be fired at for that stupid deal they made buying Huffington Post.
Are you a young professional getting ready for a big meeting? Pick up a #Trump suit Look your best!
Iraq was one of our biggest mistakes. We got absolutely nothing for our sacrifices.The country will collapse (cont) 
Keep the big picture in mind. There are always opportunities &amp; possibilities, &amp; thinking too small can negate a lot of them.
Be tenacious. Being tenacious means you're tough and patient at once, so it's a formidable combination.
Watch this video for a look at our great course in Los Angeles--- Rancho Palos Verdes-- 
Obama is not working. US Manufacturing orders fell a record 13.9% in August. Where's the recovery? 
Wishing you good luck and a happy birthday.
My successful acquisition of the Kluge estate was a fantastic deal which is already being studied in business schools.
Brits spent $57.8M on the royal family. Obamas cost us $1.4B in expenses--including entertainment Living large on us.
You have to love what you do and keep your focus at all times.
delivered an excellent speech yesterday at the UN. Too bad wasn't there.
Sean's interview with Bob Woodward on was very interesting--Woodward was great. 
If you live in a state with early voting, you should be voting as soon as possible. Bring your friends and family with you.
American incomes have fallen $3,040 per household in the last 38 months 
Obama lied to the public about the Al Qaeda attack on our consulate in Libya. He should be held accountable.
Cyberattack on White House--- what's next? 
Only 36 days until the election. needs to stay on offense. Make Obama's terrible record the issue. #TimeToGetTough
Republicans and must get tough very soon.
#TrumpTower is one of the country's top tourist destinations.
Obama now wants to give another $450M to the Muslim Brotherhood. Money we don't have going to people that hate us. Moronic.
Al Qaeda taking over Libya after we made it possible--really amazing.
Obama loves wasting our money. He just made another guarantee of $197M to a solar company Cronyism!
Threatening phone calls from Obama supporters are being made to the Michigan GOP office Don't be intimidated!
Obama is trying to block sequester layoff notices in Virginia Another example of sleazy politics!
If Obama mentions Mitt's tax returns in tomorrow's debate then Mitt should immediately ask for Obama's college records &amp; applications
My #TrumpTuesday interview discussing how can win the first debate &amp; the last 35 days 
A clip from where I take audience on the Katie Coach 
Glad to hear will be hosting this year's Oscars. Something new that should be fun.
In Nov. '11, Al Qaeda's flag flew over the 'birthplace' of Libya's revolution In Sept. '12 it flew over our Embassy.
The Chinese are now hacking White House computers. Why not? They already own the place.
Great to hear that legend and hall of famer John Elway has endorsed in Colorado. CO is a must win state for Mitt.
I'll be on tonight on at 10 pm.
It's Tuesday, how much will the media continue to cover up the embassy attacks for Obama?
Wishing your wife a Happy Birthday
Major Mexican cartel boss El Diego was just arrested with weapons provided to him through Fast and Furious Media??
Where is the main stream media reporting on Univision's new expose of Fast and Furious? Too busy looking at Mitt's taxes?
The cheap 12 inch sq. marble tiles behind speaker at UN always bothered me. I will replace with beautiful large marble slabs if they ask me.
Congratulations to Barack Obama for having 2012's debt already surpass 2011 
See June 2007 speech--is Obama a total racist?
Obama called Reverend Wright his friend, counselor &amp; great leader--then dumped him like a dog!
See you in London--big crowd!
My daughter Ivanka is being honored by the Wharton School of Finance with the 2012 Young Leadership Award. Also (cont) 
My interview discussing debate responses, Obama's hidden records, my tweets and unemployment 
Who is rooting for Obama more tonight--his campaign advisors or the press?
I will be visiting Trump Int'l Golf Links in Scotland tomorrow. Always great to see the Great Dunes of Scotland. 
Thank you
I'm always amazed when I travel to my foreign properties.Seeing the Trump brand across 4 continents proves that excellence can be universal.
Obama's '07 speech which just released not only shows that Obama is a racist but also how the press always covers for him.
There's only one candidate who cut medicare and that's Barack Obama. Cut over $700M to move into ObamaCare.
Wind farms are ugly, not cost effective and don't produce worthwhile returns or energy. No wonder governments are giving up on them.
Thank you.
will be a great Oscar host. He did an amazing job at my roast.
Will be a great event. See you in London.
I'm eagerly awaiting the next polls. The debate performance could be devastating to the Obama team. Let's see what happens.
Now another Obama speech from 2002 with him talking about taking the rich's 'stuff' Who is this guy? Where's the media?
The upcoming season of will be terrific--a great cast.
Most likely in February.
Amazing is good too.
I'll be in London on Sunday at the ExCel Centre to talk about success. It will be a great time for everyone! 
Congrats to on finishing 1st in the AL East. Derek Jeter is great--good luck in the playoffs!
Bill Clinton has been Obama's most effective surrogate out on the trail.
Scary &amp; Unsustainable: On Monday the US added more debt than from 1776 through Pearl Harbor 
I promise to do a new #trumpvlog when I get back next week---- lots of requests. Thanks!
Glad to hear that is doing well. She is a terrific person.
My friend called it--recast the race.
Now America knows--the Emperor has no clothes. Why would Obama do better in a 2nd debate? #Debate #Obama
. #CPACCO kept up the momentum from the debate. even made a surprise appearance. Now go win CO!
Looking forward to Sundays speech in the ExCel Centre. 
More than 70M people watched the Presidential Debate. A new record. See what happens when I am so prominently mentioned (just kidding)!
My interview discussing Obama's failed and dangerous foreign policy and the real unemployment numbers 
I would do same thing if I were China. They want Obama. 
A record 46.68M Americans are now on food stamps Four more years?
Sleepy eyes is an absolute joke of a reporter. He is in the bag for Obama. He can't carry jock.
At the request of many- I will be doing live tweets during the next presidential debate.
Congratulations to on setting the record with 48 consecutive games with a TD pass. He is a great guy and player.
Obama projected a 2012 budget deficit of $557B. It is actually double that at $1.1T We can't afford four more years.
Sleepy eyes -- whenever you mention me unfairly I will likewise mention you.
Our many loyal viewers should expect a major announcement very soon on next season's Our fans will be pleased.
is playing great for St. Louis Cardinals. They made a wise decision.
Shout out = work hard!
Why isn't Obama protecting us from ridiculous gas prices?
Drop A-Rod in the order and cut his salary based on unreported drug use. Also, not a pressure player.
In the end, Andy Pettitte did not rat out his friend Roger Clemens. I like him again, a lot.
George Will is a political moron. Last month he said Romney couldn't win.
When will the unemployment numbers be corrected? Sadly, after the election!
Looking forward to live tweeting during the rest of the debates. Will be a lot of fun.
With these record high gas prices, what does it say about Obama that he was trying to brag about his energy policy in the debate?
In order to build your wealth and improve your business smarts, you need to know about real estate. - Think Like a Billionaire
fully apologized last night for calling me a racist. Thank you David--we are again friends.
By popular request I will also be tweeting live during the Vice Presidential debate Thursday night. It will be very interesting, I promise.
I don't think Obama will do well in the second debate--he is psyched out just like A-Rod.
27 days until America's greatest test since our founding. In this election, we decide whether we become great again.
I just had to fire someone, he didn't have a clue--he reminded me of Obama on Wednesday night.
47M on food stamps. Over 23M Americans unemployed. 50% of college grads unemployed. And Obama wants us talking about Big Bird.
Receiving thousands of thank you letters from students for my convocation speech. The honor was all mine! Great people.
A-Rod must be dropped in the Yankees line-up tonight if they want to win. He simply can't perform without drugs.
I am more concerned about Biden in the debate than I am about Obama. Be careful on Thursday night!
Even with lower profit projections, American firms are still throwing money into China Obama is killing investment.
I enjoy meeting tourists in #TrumpTower. People travel from across the world to see the five-level Atrium &amp; waterfall.
Must read article on Obama's illegal fundraising from abroad Foreign candidate getting foreign donations.
Great move to take A-Rod out of game. Now terminate his contract based on misrepresentation (drugs).
Asking why my dislike of A-Rod--dishonorable dealings with me on an apartment deal
cast will be announced tomorrow at 7:30am ET on the with 
$30M a year and A-Rod is now relegated to the bench. would have lost if Girardi hadn't benched him in the 9th (see my prediction)
Amazing that Derek Jeter played with an injury throughout most of last night's game and did so well.
Outright disgusting--the Obama administration has continually stonewalled and lied to US Amb. Sean Smith's mother 
How the hell does the Libyan government get off telling our embassy security they can't have loaded guns for protection?!
Live tweeting during tonight's VP debate...should be a great time
Our foreign policy decisions are dumbest in U.S. history
Why does Barack Obama's ring have an arabic inscription? Who is this guy?
Another sign that is right. New government labor report casts even more doubt on the September jobs data 
Looking forward to the debate tonight and will be tweeting live with very honest assessment.
Get ready- this should be informative and fun! #VPDebate
Both candidates are looking sharp- now it's up to the mouth and the mind. #VPDebate
Hard for Biden to justify Libya mess but doing best he can. #VPDebate
Biden's sarcastic smiling may or may not be effective depending on who is watching. #VPDebate
Excellent story on - very good moment for Ryan. #VPDebate
Biden's statements on Medicare are very effective. Ryan must now come back and combat. #VPDebate
Pretty even debate- no knockouts. However Ryan's closing statement somewhat stronger. What do you think? #VPDebate
Going over to now to introduce cast etc.-- watch.
British PM Cameron is making a fool of himself by wasting billions of pounds on unwanted &amp; environment destroying Scottish windmills.
ObamaCare is a complete disaster. Many of my friends have to scale down their businesses because they can't afford it. Terrible.
Doing the with was great- I really like Matt.
I'm going to the game tonight to root them on--they always win when I am there.
looks like he really cleaned up his act.
Great to hear that our loyal fans are happy with today's announcement of the new cast. This will be something special!
With our amazing All Star cast,,, &amp; are also returning as boardroom advisors.
Obama's economic policies are causing inflation on hard working families. The price of corn alone has risen over 200% since he was elected.
When an employee leaves me and begs to come back--I never let them. Loyalty is very important.
I told you, whenever I go to a game the win.
I'll bet Obama goes down just like Washington because he doesn't use our(this country's) best people to win.
Joe Girardi did a great job of managing the Yankees this series.
They found Jessica in Colorado--- body was mutilated--- death to the pervert killer.
Everyone's wondering what's wrong with A-Rod. Not one sports writer blames it on his not being able to use drugs anymore-- the real reason.
Roadway steel on beautiful Verrazano-Narrows Bridge is rusting and rotting away. Scrape and paint before too late.
A bad thing finally happened to Derek Jeter--- he is a great champion.
Swisher should have caught ball in right field last night.
A-Rod hit ball hard first at bat. Time for him to step up and leave.
No, I wasn't at the game yesterday- can't go today either. When I go, they win.
I have never seen a thin person drinking Diet Coke.
Who says Obama will do better in the next debate- has he gotten smarter in 2 weeks!
Obama will be trying very hard at next debate- he doesn't want to lose the Boeing.
A-Rod is just not making it. We want to give him a chance but it was only drugs that made him great.
Isn't it time that Obama release his college records and applications? Boy would that create a mess! He is not who you think.
Barack Obama is not who you think he is. Most overrated politician in US history.
Looking forward to speaking at tonight's gala for supporters at the Intrepid. Mitt's doing well.
A-Rod should donate his contract to charity. He doesn't make the any money and he doesn't perform. He is a $30M/yr rip off.
Once again Obama fails to classify China as a currency manipulator. He just helped China steal even more jobs and money from us.
If has a good debate tomorrow night, Obama is finished!
Based on very popular demand, I will be live tweeting tomorrow night during the Presidential debate.
Gov. Gary Johnson pulling votes from --Don't waste your vote. Obama must go!
Happy Birthday!
I have no doubt that Mitt will do really well tonight. We'll all be watching 
I turned down going to the debate tonight so that I could do live tweets to my many followers.
Verlander is great but very beatable. Does not have a good ERA in playoff games
is absolutely right, it will be a nightmare for if Obama is re-elected.
I can confirm the reports--, my first season winner, will be returning to this All-Star season of 
Diet Coke tweet had a monster response--dammit, I wish the stuff worked.
Obama just had another trillion dollar budget deficit for the fourth year in a row. At least he is consistent.
It's amazing--my weekly scheduled interviews on and draw the highest ratings. And they get bigger week by week--thanks folks!
The Coca Cola company is not happy with me--that's okay, I'll still keep drinking that garbage.
Because Obama was so pathetic in the first debate, tonight's audience will be humongous--people want to see if he is for real.
I tried watching but fell asleep.
is doing a fantastic job for the Republican Party--hope he gets the credit he deserves.
Congratulations to on exposing more Democrat voter fraud. was caught red handed telling people to vote twice.
Good luck tonight--have no doubt you will be great.
.--if Obama gets wise tonight just ask for his college records &amp; transcripts--he will quiet down quickly.
If the can somehow beat Verlander tonight then they can still salvage the series. And I will go to games 6&amp; 7 so they will win!
For political purposes only, Obama is planning to hit Libya for the Benghazi embassy attack right before the election?
It is selling great at Macy's--thanks!
We should be able to negotiate a deal with Iran because they know we could blow them away to the Stone Age.They just don't believe we would.
I was just told by one of the top players that my golf courses are the most elite in the country. Very nice compliment--I agree.
Why has Obama let China and others take our jobs?
Good response on jobs by 
Obama keeps saying that he will do something--- but why hasn't he done it? It's all talk.
Obama is looking rhetorical and weak. is looking strong and sharp.
Obama weak on immigration. All words, no action. He's been Prez 4 years.
much better on Libya and Middle East problems. Obama has no answer.
Such long rhetorical and boring answers from Obama. No wonder nothing gets done.
Debate showed--- these guys really hate each other. At one point it looked like they would come to blows.
Verlander pitched great, but look truly defeated.
I still love Derek, he is a winner!
Obama has zero credibility on oil and coal. If we do not win energy as a country, we just do not win, period!
Do you believe Barack Hussein Obama (aka Barry Soetoro) looked like a president last night? I don't!
Polls are starting to look really bad for Obama. Looks like he'll have to start a war or major conflict to win. Don't put it past him!
Thanks
Really enjoyed discussing yesterday with I am a long time Yankee fan.
Great article on wind turbines by Robert Bryce in today's 
Wind turbines are not only killing millions of birds, they are killing the finances &amp; environment of many countries &amp; communities.
Robert Bryce --Congrats on your great opinion piece on terrible wind turbines &amp; how destructive they are. Windmills are a disaster.
If Obama keeps pushing wind turbines our country will go down the tubes economically, environmentally &amp; aesthetically.
All the guys that said would lose are rapidly coming on board. Mitt will remember the early helpers.
Obama was beaten but not knocked out. He lives to fight another day. But in the real world presidents are not given a second chance...
...Bad decisions can be devastating.
Obama talks about what he is going to do--why the hell didn't he just do it, especially in the first 2 years when he had all votes necessary
Last Saturday A-Rod was 0-3 and left 6 stranded. But he was still hitting on girls from the dugout He is very selfish!
While the look like they quit and are finished, they won't quit for CC
Joe Girardi must play his starters, even A-Rod, they got you there.
Bill- You should have named your beautiful son Donald.
Just read about my friend --he was set up--too bad he has to use the court system instead of his muscles.
Initial reports say 2nd debate viewership dropped. See what happens when I am not mentioned.
Robert Pattinson should not take back Kristen Stewart. She cheated on him like a dog &amp; will do it again--just watch. He can do much better!
Can you imagine how embarrassing it would have been for the country if the candidates actually did get into a fist fight?
What is never said is that people take a big risk with their money and can lose it all. We should be given credit for taking this risk.
If we didn't remove incredibly powerful fire retardant asbestos &amp; replace it with junk that doesn't (cont) 
should really be ashamed about his massive box office disaster. Take a hint and get out of the film (cont) 
If Obama goes after Mitt's private sector experience in the next debate then Mitt should ask for Obama's college records--all of them.
Under his administration, oil and gas production on public land is down over 10% Obama did not tell truth last night.
Major grudge match this weekend between &amp; I have a dilemma, I am good friends w/ both Woody (cont) 
Mitt's proposed tax cuts for the middle class will spur record economic growth.
Re: Libya--Hillary took the blame for Obama.
#SuccessByTrump, exclusively available, has set sale records for fastest selling cologne. Makes a great gift 
Obama's spending and borrowing is burying America and destroying our children's future. Does he even care?
Amazing--my tweets are covered across every spectrum from to to 
Alert--US jobless claims up 46,000 to 388,000. Really bad news. 7.8% is now a fraud--not possible!
I will--thanks.
Check the records, dummy--I was never a Bush II fan--he is why we have Obama!
Dopey--who went bankrupt, you? I never did.
Newsweek ending print edition--sad. Now my Newsweek covers mean nothing--they lost all credibility. TIME to follow?
Because they are either jealous or losers (or both).
Thanks!
Clinton commented in Ohio today that is right, the economy has not been fixed under Obama.I always said Bill was an honest man.
The last time I visited China I couldn't believe all the construction. You can go up with a project in a week--no red tape.
My Trump Home Mattress Collection by Serta is setting records--they are really phenomenal. You can order them at 
I have a friend that wants to meet your sister.
I was referring, of course, to Bill Clinton's statement on the economy.
Greatly appreciated, thanks.
A total professional.
I hope that's the reason--otherwise, just plain stupid.
I love India!
The Yankees are absolutely terrible--- what happened to this team?
Can't believe we are less than three weeks away from the election. Time certainly flies!
I'll be making a major announcement on President Obama next week--stay tuned!
Thanks for the info Rosie--get well.
should get rid of A-Rod ASAP--I can't watch this guy anymore!
Something really bad happened to the psyche--much like our President!
It is a great honor to have helped the community so much. 
Great decision by Donald Graham to sell. I'll now have to take my newsweek covers off the wall.
Never give up. You have what it takes.
did a great job last night. Watch the clip! 
I agree, but their careers weren't fueled by drugs.
Thanks!
Why would Ohio listen to Bruce Springsteen reading his lines? Be careful or I will go to Ohio and will win it!
I guess they dont have freedom of the press in Scotland. We created this ad and the ASA would not allow us to (cont) 
really blew it--went down in flames--too bad!
For the truth about job creation in America go to A great site for employers to get the tools &amp; information they need!
Some of you were asking about the All-Star line-up for Celebrity Apprentice 
My interview with discussing the real unemployment number and how the 7.8% number is a fraud 
Yes--I will be live tweeting during the final debate this coming Monday.
Newly released NH poll has with a 1 point lead. Mitt will pull away next week.
Toledo is a great place--I've been there &amp; worked in Cincinnati for 2 years--I love Ohio.
I hope of America handle their problems a lot better than the board at Penn State did. You can't do any worse!
A lot of the should be ashamed of their play in the post season. They are lucky they don't have to deal with George Steinbrenner.
Both Barack and were excellent at the Al Smith dinner last night!
Rev.is doing tremendous work this election cycle educating the Christian community on 
Rev. is a great man and so is his son, Franklin Graham.
Follow jewelry line on site 
Can't wait for to fold which, under Graydon Carter, will be sooner rather than later.
.convention came in over $3M under budget. Baracks convention is over $10M in debt. What a surprise!
7.8% unemployment number is a complete fraud as evidenced by the jobless claims number released yesterday.Real unemployment is at least 15%
Derek Jeter broke ankle one day after he sold his apartment in Trump World Tower.
Derek must move back into one of my buildings immediately. It will be lucky for him like in past.
Fort Hood shooting should be declared a terror attack. Respect the wounded and dead.
The biggest problem with A-Rod is he is bad for the chemistry of the Yankees--- he must go.
Gas prices are at crazy levels--fire Obama!
I will be live tweeting during the debate tonight.
Obama should stop talking about wind turbines--they are a disaster for a country or community &amp; are very expensive &amp; unreliable.
Lots of autism and vaccine response. Stop these massive doses immediately. Go back to single, spread out shots! What do we have to lose.
Autism rates through the roof--why doesn't the Obama administration do something about doctor-inflicted autism. We lose nothing to try.
Don't let Obama play the Iran card in order to start a war in order to get elected--be careful Republicans!
I wish tonight's debate would cover more than foreign policy.
My son Don and his wife Vanessa just had a beautiful baby boy named Spencer Frederick --very thrilling.
I felt very sorry for you during your meltdown on He drove you insane but, of course, Piers is a lot smarter than you
The brass in #TRUMP Tower's atrium is polished twice a month like clockwork. I keep the atrium impeccable. Key to its success!
Obama planted that story on Iran so it will be discussed in tonight's debate. He wants Libya and China off the table.
Everyone knows I am right that Robert Pattinson should dump Kristen Stewart. In a couple of years, he will thank me. Be smart, Robert.
Everybody is asking about my announcement this Wednesday concerning Barack Obama---just wait and see!
I look forward to hitting Obama hard tonight for lying about Benghazi. CIA told Obama it was a terrorist attack after 24 hrs.
Why don't we ask the Navy SEALs who killed Bin Laden? They don't seem to be happy with Obama claiming credit. All he did is say O.K.
Former Obama White House economic adviser gave his old boss a 'C' on the economy Pretty generous!
Well this is it, the final debate- let's see how it goes. I'll be tweeting live.
Bob Schieffer will do a great job tonight. Always treated me fairly.
looks much calmer, and Obama should stop nodding his head backwards and forward.
Stop congratulating Obama for killing Bin Laden. The Navy Seals killed Bin Laden. #debate
I will be doing at 7:30.
Debate was somewhat hard to watch last night. Viewership will be way down.
70% of the Chinese say they are better off than they were 4 years ago At least someone has done well under Obama.
I always said that had to keep fighting the charges. By stopping, he gave his enemies an opening.
No matter what happens in the election, deserves a lot of credit. He has kept Obama in it, even with his terrible record.
Doesn't the US have better things to do than to destroy an American hero for the world to see? Now other (cont) 
The military and Navy Seals should be given more credit for Bin Laden's death, not Obama, who works hard to take (cont) 
My interview discussing last nights presidential debate, my stock picks and tomorrows big announcement 
Mitt Romney must start congratulating the Navy Seals and military on Bin Ladens killing, not the President.
China will never go to war with us because if they won they would only take over property they already own!
My announcement is tomorrow!
Barack Obama said absolutely not 3 times before he agreed to go after Bin Laden--- now he wants all of the credit!
did an excellent job as debate moderator last night. I only wish Mitt was more aggressive!
should never have played that piece of garbage documentary--&amp; yet the phones are ringing off the hook to play the course.
No wonder is in such big trouble &amp; boss was just fired--they are lost.
If you like having the world collapse and being told America is leading from behind--vote Obama.
This is not a media event or about Donald J. Trump--- this is about the United States of America. I will be... 
Story will be released today at 12 noon EST on Twitter and Facebook.
All predictions re: my 12 o'clock release are totally incorrect. Stay tuned!
You have all been waiting-- the response has been amazing! Watch my announcement now, press release to follow at 12:15. 
As stated, here is the press release. 
Virtually all Presidents and candidates including John McCain, Bill Clinton, George H.W. Bush, and George W. Bush... 
RT : Trump to give $5 million to charity if Obama releases records 
I just learned that has no credibility--total phonies that don't report the truth. A puppet of Obama?
RT :Trump to Obama: $5 million donation to charity if you release passport and college records #Election2012
... By releasing his records, he can come clean with the American people and have $5 million go to a charity.
Glad to hear North Carolina is solid for It started trending for Mitt solidly after my speech at the convention.
Excited to announce that &amp; will be hosting the 2012 Miss Universe Pageant. Great ratings for Miss Universe.
Miss Universe 2012 Pageant will be airing live on &amp; december 19th. Open invite stands for Robert Pattinson.
Still waiting for an explanation about why &amp; did not name their son Donald. Unbelievable.
Barbara, unfortunately you've missed the entire point of my announcement--you just don't get it!
Our side needs Donald Trump. -- on s show last night. Thanks Ann.
I am offering the chance for Barack Obama to redistribute $5M to any charity of his choice. Everyone wins. Take the deal.
What will be the response on Wednesday? If Obama doesn't take the 5 million dollars for charity.
has really become a laughing stock of good political reporting.
I hope Derek Jeters recovery is going well. He is a very special player and a great guy. New York loves him. 
China is primed to continue to rob us and steal our jobs through their exports We need to rein them in.
Six days and counting until my offer to Barack Obama expires...
Letterman was great last night. I had a lot of fun. You could see his audience really wanted Obama to take the $ for charity.
Lots of response that Obama should give the $5M to the families of our great heroes who were murdered in Benghazi.
Another great charity that the $5M could go to just a recommendation to the Pres. - the Wounded Warriors represented so well by 
....instead of giving to a wonderful charitable cause.
Re: Taylor and Conor--great news for Taylor!
I love the Wounded Warriors--Obama should choose that as his $5M charity.
The Letterman show really turned things around- people finally understand my $5 million dollar offer to charity.... 
I hope so for the charity's sake
Great idea.
I knew last year that Magazine lost all credibility when they didn't include me in their Top 100...
Dopey Arianna is really after me--boring story after boring story...but I hear she is in big trouble!
...a real loser named Tim O'Brien--and it's never recovered.
Thanks, it was a great show..
I agree.
What a dumb mistake AOL made buying the How much longer will Arianna last--I predict not much.
True!
A clip from last night's where I detail my charitable offer to Obama and Dave describes his terrible grades 
Watch me explain on the how my charitable offer to Obama changes the election and is about transparency 
Wow! Letterman show won the ratings last night big time--and guess who was his guest? DJT
...Colin Powell thought Iraq has weapons of mass destruction.
By the way, where is ? Good question. 4 years ago she strongly supported Obama--now she is silent. Anyway, who cares, I adore Oprah.
Pretty audacious for Obama to call a BSer when he has lied about so much we don't have room to write.
Looking forward to being the special guest at tonight's Dutchess County #GOP dinner--to a SOLD OUT crowd. It will be great fun.
Where's the transparency? Despite Obama's denial stands by report he just talked with Jeremiah Wright.
Sarah Jessica Parker voted unsexiest woman alive - I agree. She said its beneath me to comment on the... 
Great! Last night winner &amp; alumni packed OH stadium rallying w/ 
Barack Obama has everything to gain. Why would anyone ever deny $5M to charity?
If Obama doesn't accept my offer to be fully transparent, what will he say?
Watch Obama's favorability numbers drop even further if he doesn't accept my charitable offer. No one approves (cont) 
I hear they are very unhappy w/ Arianna and at Ill bet she wont be there for long!
Before Star Jones begged me to put her on The Apprentice she was professionally dead. I saved her tiny... 
The TODAY Show should call me about who to put on the show I know more about people who get ratings than anyone.
I want to end the day by saying there is no check I would rather write than that to a good charity designated by our President.
I put on Apprentice at his request, I did his failed cable show as a favor to him then he knocks me for my Obama announcement.
Alert...The president knew that the ambassador was being attacked in Benghazi. He did nothing...he is no leader.
That's more than O'Reilly did...and he is supposed to be my friend. You're terrific!
is taking major heat for calling the president lazy. But the president stated his weakness is that he is lazy. Fight on John!
Many people are saying that my challenge to Obama is having a huge negative effect on his poll numbers --- I agree.
I guess saw my ratings on the the other night where Letterman beat Leno. Bill, you are no Letterman.
What people don't know about is that he was a terrible student and not considered smart in his early (cont) 
Obama lied 100% about Libya and the killings--emails are absolute. He must release his records on Wednesday and stop the lies.
Many people walked out on Madonna's concert when she told them to vote for Obama. Years ago I walked out because the concert was terrible!
So far the hurricane is being handled very well in NY, not nearly as bad as stated on news. Let's see what happens later.
We are taking care of hundreds of people in the Trump Tower atrium--they are seeking refuge. Free coffee and food.
If authorities need direct view from top of Trump Tower, call office.
All weights are on crane's wrong side --- very precarious below, move out!
The water damage to NYC is amazing. The winds were bad but the water was worse.
I saw from my window just before accident that the crane was not properly anchored for the storm.
Not only giving out money, but Obama will be seen today standing in water and rain like he is a real President --- don't fall for it.
Because of the hurricane, I am extending my 5 million dollar offer for President Obama's favorite charity until 12PM on Thursday.
Don't let Obama buy the election by handing out unlimited free money to states.
Remember this: Obama wants to raise taxes, wants to lower taxes--need I say more!
The Trump Tower atrium is such a great place &amp; kept thousands of people warm &amp; safe during the storm--thanks, staff!
So many incredible friends said thanks for TT help --- I say thanks to you! 
The election is trending towards Americans know we can't afford another 4 years of the Obama economic decline.
These last 4 years have not had a single quarter over 4% GDP. Obama has overseen the weakest economic recovery in American history.
My interview before Hurricane Sandy explaining that I would be staying in Trump Tower during the storm 
My interview discussing the 57th St. crane, damage from the storm and extending my $5M offer to Obama 
I never fall for scams. I am the only person who immediately walked out of my Ali G interview
Lets be honest, if Obama thought he could get away with campaigning during the storm, then he would have been in Ohio on Monday.
Glad to hear that will be co-hosting the Grammy nominations special on 12.5. Taylor is terrific!
Why does Obama believe he shouldn't comply with record releases that his predecessors did of their own volition? Hiding something?
Maybe Obama should donate my $5M to the families of the 17 who have lost loved ones during the storm?
Chinas stock market rose yesterday after 4 consecutive days of losses Their market gains the day we are hit by storm
Fans shouldn't worry. We have adjusted the filming schedule of the upcoming 13th season of appropriately due to the storm.
The polls &amp; momentum are trending towards Don't let the hurricane change your thinking!
Watch me tonight on Late Night with Jimmy Fallon.Photo: Lloyd Bishop/NBC 
The President has until tomorrow at 12 noon to pick up $5M for his favorite charity. Looking like he won't be doing it. What is he hiding?
Kevin Garnett's response to Ray Allen last night was that of a great competitor--nothing wrong--in fact it was terrific. A champion!
Part 1 of my interview discussing my $5M offer to Obama, #TRUMP Tower atrium, my tweets &amp; 57th st. crane 
Part 2 of my interview giving away some spoilers &amp; discussing 2012 Miss Universe Pageant 
An amazing article by Kevin Gabriel- A must read by friends and foes of President Obama. End date is tomorrow at noon.
Congratulations Kevin Gabriel on your amazing article. If I were a journalist this would be the next Watergate, and I would be a star.
How many illegal foreign donations will Obama collect this final week? Another scandal ignored by the liberal media. 
In the spirit of transparency, Obama should immediately release the 9.11 tape of Tyrone Woods pleading for military support in Benghazi.
.acquisition of Lucas Film is a smart deal for both sides. Disney just bought a great brand which will keep producing revenue.
Looking at the figures and plans behind acquisition of Lucas Film makes you realize how stupid (cont) 
A lot of undecided and independent voters have had enough with Obamas lack of transparency. I don't blame them.
How does a dummy like get a television show--&amp; his ratings stink. You'd think could do a lot better.
#TRUMP International Reality will be Americas premiere real estate brokerage house w/ the most distinctive services.
Spoiler--has really got his act together so far on the upcoming season of 
Congratulations to on getting the,, &amp; endorsements!
President Obama, please take the $5M check for charity tomorrow. It is so easy and could do so much good!
It's 10 AM: Two hours to go for Obama to easily pick up millions for charity!
From 1954 to 1960 there were 10 major hurricanes that hit the East Coast.
Do you believe is blaming global warming for the hurricane?
You know the world is crazy when New York gets hit by a hurricane-- and Florida doesn't.
To all supporters, make sure you have taken advantage of early voting now so you can GOTV on election day.
Obama is a terrible negotiator. He bails out Chrysler and now Chrysler wants to send all Jeep manufacturing to China--and will!
President Obama missed the deadline!
Press release. Video response to follow. 
My video response to President Obama's lack of transparency. 
If I would have offered Obama a billion dollars to show his records, he would have refused.
Everybody knows why Obama would not show his college applications --- they are just not willing to say!
How could Obama leave those American heroes out to die in Benghazi? And he continues to lie to the public!
Next year I will be changing the name of 800 acre Doral to Trump National Doral. It will be the best resort in the countryMiami is hot!
It was announced this morning that unemployment rose--this can't be good for Obama.
With long gas lines &amp; total disarray from storm, the hurricane may yet be a negative for Obama.
disputes my statement--but watch Chrysler move jobs to China after the election.
of Chrysler should focus on design rather than filthy language--not very professional.
came to my Trump Tower office to apologize for calling me a racist--very nice, apology accepted!
I'm sending lots of bottled water out to Staten Island &amp; Long Island.
How about President Obama fixing the gasoline situation instead of taking photo ops in the destruction.
Unemployment is now 7.9%. Four years and $6.5T later, that is really bad!
Obama our Welfare &amp; Food Stamp President, is praising himself for expanding welfare He doesn't believe in work.
should sit Michael Vick. He is a great athlete but less than average quarterback.
A-Rod is now looking for an expensive home in Beverly Hills--why aren't the terminating his contract for misrepresentation?
I have an idea for A-Rod---buy a home at overlooking the Pacific--will bring you better luck.
Obama has destroyed the middle class. In 09, median household income was $55,198. Now it is $50,678. Four more years?
Global warming is based on faulty science and manipulated data which is proven by the emails that were leaked 
Could be the hurricane helps --people are rioting in the streets over gasoline
Reality TVs #1 Bad Girl is back on the upcoming 13th season of All Star She is great as always.
Make sure to catch s season finale of The Men Who Built America on Sun, November 11th. Great show.
Obama promised 5.2% unemployment by October 2012. His promises are worthless!
Castro, Chavez and Ahmadinejad are all anxiously awaiting our election results. They are praying Obama wins.
Members from Obama's own job council are endorsing Not surprising
Considering Obama hasnt proposed anything concrete, if he wins he wont have a mandate. Another 4 years of legislative stalemate.
In the heart of the city, Trump International Toronto is the city's most elite property True luxury at its finest.
I think should take this challenge. Axelrod was too scared. RT: : Kaufstache vs. Sharpstache.
We dont want to have a recount in any of the battleground states. Obama will steal it. Make sure all your friends and family vote.
Make sure you get out and vote...most important election of our generation...go Romney!
will turn this mess around!
is doing a great job!
Yes.
No, his facts are very bad for him.
Then he wouldn't be president.
Must be careful &amp; smart!
is looking at Jeff Zucker to lead them out of the forest--Jeff would be a great choice.
Get out tomorrow and vote so that we can all finally say those magic words--- 
Its extremely cold in NY &amp; NJnot good for flood victims. Where is global warming?
We can't destroy the competitiveness of our factories in order to prepare for nonexistent global warming. China is thrilled with us!
Nice mention by Brian Kelly Conservative Action Alerts
Obamas policies have led to food stamp rolls growing 75X faster than job production We can't afford 4 more years.
In 08, America voted for Hope &amp; Change. Instead, we got incompetency. Now it is time to put a real job creator in office. Vote 4 Mitt!
Dummy is at it again trying to use me to get publicity for himself!
Only 1 mill. dollars ? Offer me real money and Id consider it. Your team and networks lose so much money I doubt you have much left!
When Apprentice became the #1 show on tv you tried copying me with The Benefactor- a complete and total ratings disaster for 
Don't believe Chrysler (if Obama wins)--see how fast production will be moved to China--and I'll be watching!
True!
Thank you!
Obama is angry, frustrated and desperate. He said voting is the best revenge He is divisive.
A New Direction For America by 
Baseball commissioner and owners were smart when they didnt want you to buy a team--- but I dont think you have the money anyway.
., Shark Tank was shoved to Friday evening-- Friday is considered dead television. Besides, you are not the star (&amp; never will be).
---- Do you mean the President's birthplace?
Tomorrows election will have historic repercussions for our country. Make America strong again. Vote for 
Voting for is voting for Obama--don't waste your vote!
They were rising in the 1950's then went back down--they will go up and down through eternity.
China is worried. The polls are trending for They wont be able to steal from us anymore.
Tune in for #TrumpTuesday on tomorrow morning.
Go out and vote--- this will be the most important election of our time!
Answer to your questions- I will be voting at 10:30 AM at Lighthouse International 110 East 60th Street, Manhattan
Remember: Obama turned down $5M to charity which I said I would increase by 10X to $50M--just to show simple records. He's hiding lots!
I never went bankrupt.
Me voting--- it really is my hair! 
In the 1950s our climate was far more unstable than it has been over the last 5 years.
Save Medicare. Vote for He will repeal Obamacare on day one.
Change cant be measured in speeches. It is measured in achievements. -- yesterday in Fairfax, VA.
More reports of voting machines switching Romney votes to Obama. Pay close attention to the machines, don't let your vote be stolen
Make sure to verify the voting machine does not switch your vote. If you have any problems, notify the poll workers.
Yesterday Obama campaigned with JayZ &amp; Springsteen while Hurricane Sandy victims across NY &amp; NJ are still decimated by Sandy. Wrong!
Now Chinese state run companies are taking over our coal market China wants to deplete our resources here at home.
Watch Obama refuse to call Benghazi a terrorist attack on 9.12 What took so long to release this footage?
Obama thinks he can just laugh off the fact that he refuses to release his records to the American public. He can't.
Thanks Gary.
The federal gov. has handled Sandy worse than Katrina. There is no excuse why people dont have electricity or fuel yet.
Alec--it's not science, it's a con--read the e-mails.
The federal gov. has handled Sandy worse than Katrina. There is no excuse why people don't have electricity or fuel yet.
Do we still want a President who bows to the Saudis and lets OPEC rip us off? Make America strong, vote for 
Whoever wins today, remember that tomorrow we still have a country struggling. Our work is not done until America is strong again.
thanks for your nice statement on Access Hollywood. You are a great person and talent...I adore you!
Well, back to the drawing board!
We can't let this happen. We should march on Washington and stop this travesty. Our nation is totally divided!
Lets fight like hell and stop this great and disgusting injustice! The world is laughing at us.
Our country is now in serious and unprecedented trouble...like never before.
Our nation is a once great nation divided!
Hopefully the House of Representatives can hold our country together for four more years...stay strong and never give up!
Trump volunteers were out early today to offload cases of food and supplies for hard-hit Rockaways residents #Sandy
knows that I think his newscast has become totally boring so he took a shot at me last night.
The only thing more boring than newscast is his show Rock Center which is totally dying in the ratingsa disaster!
The voting booth process was a total disasterit could and should be much better and more efficienttremendous room for error!
Brian, I hope isn't paying you too much--look at what's happening to nightly news.
Brian Williams was never a smart guy but always passes himself off as such. People will learn the truth! 
This was the Republicans election to win but they just blew it--reasons why to follow.
Another four years--not good for the country but we'll have to live with it!
Our country is totally split right now but someday it will come together!
It's freezing and snowing in New York--we need global warming!
Amazing, various celebrities were far harsher than me with political statements--- but media doesn't care about... 
Pervert alert. is back on twitter. All girls under the age of 18, block him immediately.
Congrats to on blowing $400 million this cycle. Every race ran ads in, the Republicans lost. What a waste of money.
The stock market and US dollar are both plunging today. Welcome to s second term.
Now that the election is over, watch Chrysler ship production to China--my prediction.
Thank you to Joe Passov (Travelin Joe) of Golf Magazine for the great article 
says hes glad we had a hurricane! With many people dying and thousands hurting, MSNBC (cont) 
A test: tweet me the reason was fired from (other than his bad ratings).
Tweet me back if u think we should start a petition to fire for his comments on Sandy &amp; the death &amp; destruction it caused.
...I trounced him in ratings &amp; Letterman beat last Thursday. Brianare you irrelevant?
Letterman had Brian Williams as guest last night, I was on last Thursday
Russian leaders are publicly celebrating Obama's reelection. They can't wait to see how flexible Obama will be now.
I started to get very worried about Mitt's chances when I heard that A-Rod donated to his campaign. Everything A-Rod touches turns bad.
I will and I agree! RT you can't possibly make any more money. so why don't you make a difference instead?!
I'm sending you a check to help find a cure. says hi.
With taxes set to go up and Obama about to cut the mortgage deduction, now is the time to buy a house if you can. Can get a great deal.
At the end of the day, Obama won the battleground states by less than 500,000 votes. This was a winnable race. GOP needs to do better!
China's submarines will soon be carrying nukes They will be sent to patrol our coasts, Obama won't do anything.
Polls show that the hurricane had a huge positive effect for Obama on his win- isn't that ridiculous?
Robert Pattinson is putting on a good face for the release of Twilight. He took my advice on Kristen Stewart...I hope!
I received such a nice letter today from someone who took refuge in Trump Tower during Sandy. It was my pleasure to help.
I got to know very wellhe is a great guy who will do the right thing for the country!
Apprentice is a huge hit all over the world. Your cheap &amp; boring documentary is a tremendous flop.
Why do so many people say I hate President ObamaI dont hate the President at all. I just disagree with his policies!
.Your documentary works better than any sleeping pillin fact that may be your only way to make money with this recycled garbage!
.Heard your documentary cost you less than $3,000 to makewhere did you get that kind of money?
Dummy,thanks for increasing awareness of my big golf project in Aberdeensales are thru the roof &amp; Aberdeen seeing big benefits.
I predict somebody is going to sue you!
Anthonydid you illegally take clips from the Letterman show and without their approval?
Only the stupid would air your garbageno wonder they are in such deep trouble.
Condolences on the passing of your uncle, and best wishes.
Everybody wants me to talk about Robert Pattinson and not Brian WilliamsI guess people just dont care about Brian!
I just passed a 10 block long gas line going to LGA airport, a terrible situation!
I love Twitter.... it's like owning your own newspaper--- without the losses.
Thanks- many are saying I'm the best 140 character writer in the world. It's easy when it's fun.
Aberdeen tourism is booming because of my great Scottish golf club.
The people of Scotland love Trump International Golf Links.
Trump International Golf Links was just rated one of the greatest courses in the world. Virtually all reviews are saying the same thing.
I am a very calm person but love tweeting about both scum and positive subjects. Whenever I tweet, some call it a tirade..totally dishonest!
We just passed 1.9M followers &amp; gained over 250,000 followers in the last month.Thank you--let's have fun and do business.
Surprise-In a post-election delayed release, food stamp rolls surged to biggest monthly increase and an all-time high 
Businesses have already started massive layoffs and reducing employees hours due to Obama Care. Reality is setting in.
How come every time I show anger, disgust or impatience, enemies say I had a tantrum or meltdownstupid or dishonest people?
No surprise that is in a major scandal for shoddy journalism. Any network that airs s garbage has zero credibility.
David--Thank you, my great honor for a very worthy cause!
...they are costly, inefficient, bird killing, community destroying machines. They are obsolete! 
Standing in front of wind turbines is sad. Rachel, windmills are terrible for the environment
After Fridays Twilight release, I hope Robert Pattinson will not be seen in public with Kristen--she will cheat on him again!
Don't forget Benghazi.
should spend more time focusing on her family and dying career!
General Petreus and his family are paying a big price!
.--I dont wear a rugits mine. And I promise not to talk about your massive plastic surgeries that didnt work.
Don't be scared--we will come back.
The only place success comes before work is in the dictionary. - Vince Lombardi
Help those affected by #Sandy. is giving $10 per booking made by 11/23 to for #sandyrelief. 
Gen. Petraeus has agreed to testify in the Senate on Benghazi. I will be watching.
To aspiring entrepreneurs, always remember that if your enemies arent talking about you, then you arent doing well...and must work harder!
Had a great time going over renovations for Trump National Doral this past weekend. It is going to be amazing. 
The Blue Monster at Trump National Doral. 
Busy dayworking on buying a major propertyand creating lots of jobs.
Thanks!
Thanks Mark
Old story, one of which I publicly disapproved. My sons love hunting, I dont.
Just signed contract to purchase the Ritz Carlton in Jupiter, Florida--great land, great location, great future!
Thanks Erek
Thank you Joey
I did--thanks for remembering.
Our country is being torn apart from the inside--it's getting nasty out there.
Announced 3 years ago that Scottish course would close in winter, like Kingsbarns and others--too cold.
Yesterday the Christmas tree arrived at Rockefeller Plaza. An iconic event for New York!
All our dreams can come true, if we have the courage to pursue them. - Walt Disney
With our record debt &amp; trillion $ deficits, our $ is now at an all-time low against the Chinese Yuan. Time for our gov't to work together.
It is, thanks.
I understand your message.
Good!
Thanks!
They must actually like me!
Thanks!
President Obama, we need to protect our closest ally, Israel. The situation in the Middle East is at a tipping point.
, who was badly injured by an airplane, was great on The Today Show!
Congratulations to on becoming the first knuckleball pitcher to ever win the CY Young award!
Trump could be great friend if Second Amendment enthusiasm is real 
Fiscal cliff negotiations have officially begun between the President and Congress---Washington must come together and make a deal.
With the run on our dollar about to take place, commodity prices will rise. Gold, silver, &amp; timber will spike-- also, certain real estate.
Much as it pays to emphasize the positive, there are times when the only choice is confrontation. - The Art of the Deal
Now China is trying to take over a U.S. airbase This is only the beginning. They only understand toughness!
., who was badly injured by an airplane, was great on The Today Show!
Lauren--you are fantastic and an inspiration.
Does anyone really believe that President Obama found out about Petraeus immediately after the election?
CEOs salary in 2011 was $951,957. Where is the outrage?
...while her charity is getting less than 5 cents per donated dollar. She should be ashamed!
Petraeus is already negotiating a book deal. Smart. Always negotiate when you are a hot commodity!
Remember victims of Hurricane Sandy during Thanksgiving. Many will not be celebrating the holiday in comfort.Their lives are in turmoil!
We are fully supportive of right to defend itself. -- --Very good, I like it.
... It is time to get out and rebuild our own nation.
I gave out the Male Athlete of the Year Award last night to my friend 22 Olympic medalsa record that will never be broken.
FLASHBACK - Donald Trump Answers Boys Prayer for New Bike 
... at St. Jude Children's Research Hospital -- I am proud of you Eric.
The upcoming All Star season of has returning to compete. She doesnt disappoint!
Even such traits as who makes the most eye contact in conversation can be an indication of who seeks to dominate. Think Like A Billionaire
The EU just dropped their self-imposed carbon tax. I bet they wish they had all that money back!
A must read for any country or community considering wind turbines. 
I am going to give a pass. is desperate to get back on TV so she can be on yet another show that can be quickly canceled.
...expect the country to be further downgraded in the future. The rich are all leaving!
France was just stripped of its AAA bond rating. With the PMs radical tax rates...
Thanks Keith!
A great compliment.
I am very truthful!
True!
Work hard!
Thanks!
It will be great!
The Holiday Season in New York City is a very special time. I love seeing and meeting the many tourists who visit the #TRUMP Tower atrium.
is once again at the top of her game in the upcoming All Star season of Amazing in the boardroom...
I hope Washington makes a good deal to avert the fiscal cliff. Both sides need to work together.
Direct foreign investments continue to flow into China at over $100B a year That's money that could be spent here.
For those asking, my son,, makes zero $$ running his charity &amp; raises a great deal of $$, all of it for 
I am having 600 Thanksgiving dinners sent to the Rockaways--prepared by my wonderful Trump Grill/Trump Tower staff. #SandyRelief
On December 19th the pageant will be broadcast live in over 190 countries to one billion viewers. 
I also protect myself by being flexible. I never get too attached to one deal or one approach. - THE ART OF THE DEAL
HAPPY THANKSGIVING to everyone--I love you all, even my many enemies (sometimes!).
My kids never negatively discussed my criticism of President Obama with me or anyone...it's not in their nature!
Hope everyone enjoyed their Thanksgiving. But get ready, our country is in big trouble!
If you treat people right they will treat you right...ninety percent of the time. -- Franklin D. Roosevelt
Congratulations to the Rolling Stones on marking their 50th anniversary in London.
If taxes are raised to avoid the fiscal cliff, then they must be accompanied by tangible, hard cuts on spending everywhere.
Windmills are a bigger safety hazard than either coal or oil A 34% higher mortality rate than coal alone. Outrageous!
Glad to see 9 more Iraq and Afghan war veterans joining the next Congress They deserve to be there!
RT : Donald Trump: Mean-Spirited GOP Won't Win Elections 
Glad to see my interview with Ronald Kessler Hopefully the can get the message.
When youre hot the lowlifes really shoot at you... and they try hitting from every angle! Never let the bastards get you down.
Trump Tower is decorated and the city looks beautiful. Enjoy!
Thanks, it was wonderful.
This will be the best season yet..March 3rd is the premiere.
...and borrow cheap! You will thank me someday.
With the economy still on a downward trajectory, the best investment young people can make now is buying property...
Want to know why China is growing? They can build the worlds tallest building in 90 days Red tape would kill it here.
The Muslim Brotherhood dictator in Egypt is bad news. He will never be our true ally!
US tourists threaten to boycott Scotland over windfarms' Write to Alex Salmond: firstminister
China just landed a jet on an aircraft carrier stolen from a U.S. design. We should offset the thievery from our debt..
Are you ready for the All Star ? is back in the upcoming season...which is the best yet!
Thanks--it will be great.
March 3rd.
Congratulations and all the best to you.
Ivanka is a great example.
Thanks
A great place!
Thanks
I just left the Doral in Miami--it is going to be amazing!
I still cant get over how the Republicansmy friendsspent hundreds of millions of dollars on such terrible &amp; ineffective ads.
Treasury has refused to name China a currency manipulator even though the yuan remains significantly undervalued 
Why do the Republicans always negotiate against themselves in public? Watching them operate these fiscal negotiations is painful.
Susan Rice is a good woman but Pres. O should not taunt the Republicans by appointing her S of S...
Gabriel Aubry should learn how to fighthe became a punching bag. Always drama with Halle B!
Pervert alert-serial sexter is making another step towards a comeback All girls under 18 should block him.
7 of 10 Americans prefer 'Merry Christmas' over 'Happy Holidays' No surprise.
The most important thing in communication is hearing what isn't said. -- Peter Drucker
I always enjoy speaking to young aspiring entrepreneurs. They are hungry, motivated and eager to learn. Proves America can still be great.
My son,, is in Memphis at St. Jude Childrens Research Hospital...
Thanks!
Jerry Finkelstein passed away last night--a great New York mover &amp; shaker &amp; a really great guy!
FM of Scotland spent more than $750,000 of taxpayers $ to visit Ryder Cup in Chicago--peanuts compared to his windmill folly.
Scottish government having huge backlash on wind turbines. is becoming very unpopular.
The Countryside Party just formed in Scotland to fight ugly wind turbines &amp; Congrats to Jim Crawford &amp; Countryside Party.
Thanks!
Agreed.
Its Thursday. How much did OPEC steal from all of us today?
Crude is about to pass $90/barrel. The OPEC monopoly must be broken. They are robbing our country blind.
As a favor to my friends at EXTRA, I am co-hosting tonight at 7 p.m. on 
While Derek Jeter is training every day in the off season, reports come out that A-Rod is partying all over the country. Go Derek. 
He who knows when he can fight and when he cannot, will be victorious. -- Sun Tzu
Back by popular demand, the record 13th season of All Star features the return of Our fans will be happy.
A clip from guest hosting yesterday on discussing Halle, Angus and Gen. Petraeus 
Always enjoy appearing on &amp; were terrific yesterday.
Thanks!
I agree--and thanks.
Hi Sage
Team Trump with the recipients of our donations in the Rockaways. #Sandy 
Congratulations to for winning November in the cable news rating race with 9 of 10 top shows 
Motivation is key, so is momentum.
Very nice, thanks.
France is losing its businesses and wealth rapidly and day by day.
Try Trump Grill in Trump Tower. Excellent food, good prices. Enjoy your visit.
Trump National Golf Club Los Angeles--it fronts the Pacific Ocean and is spectacular.
Im surprised that Gabriel Aubry has settled so quickly and easily with Hallein the long run it was a wise decision.
Now that its almost over, I cant believe that unions &amp; management couldnt save Twinkies etc--&amp; management just got a $1.75M bonus.
... The NY Daily Snooze totally lied and never even called my kids!
Thank you to for her wonderful acknowledgement this morning on 
... The Republicans just didnt resonate with the peoplebut they will have better days.
As I said on this a.m., you have to give Obama credithe won!...
Trump Brand Expands To South America: The Donald Lends His Name To Luxury Tower In Uruguay 
Its about time for all Americans (Republicans &amp; Democrats) to force our elected officials to start acting fiscally responsible!
I am very proud of for her work with is a great cause helping children 
Gold just set another record high on price with the largest physical gold sales on record Inflation is coming...
... Time for the Republicans to find someone newand better.
Obama is laughing at Karl Rove &amp; all the losers who spent hundreds of millions of dollars and didnt win one race, including the big one!
The Daily Snooze publishes lies about me. They should be ashamed but it will die very soon.
I am watching the New York mayoral race very closely
Attitude is a little thing that makes a big difference. -- Winston Churchill
shines in the record 13th season of All Star The Baldwin clan will be proud of Stephen.
Comic bombed at University of Texas at Arlingtoncrowd was dismal as was his performanceI told you so!
Michael Forbes lives in a pigsty and bad liquor company Glenfiddich gave him Scot of the Year award...
Michael Forbes is a loser who failed to stop what was just named the golf course of the year and which has brought...
The networks are all driving me crazy to do television showsa ratings machinebut because of Apprentice have been loyal to NBC.
Great defense by the this weekendcongratulations to only 6 points allowed!
But hard work!
Thanks.
Thanks, it will be great.
Thanks Wendy.
Fan favorite once again shines in the record 13th season of 'All Star' He is an amazing &amp; wonderful guy!
Congratulations to David Wright on signing a long term extension with the David is an exceptional player and person.
How could Michael Forbes get Scot of the Year when he lostbadlyto me &amp; Andy Murray, a true Scot, who won the U.S. Open &amp; Olympic gold?
QB is a very special player. He is exciting to watch and smart on the field. Amazing talent.
will do great in his new talk show on CBS. Hes really got what it takes!
The should break A-Rod's contract immediatelyhe misrepresented.
A-Rod had hip surgery &amp; will be out 6 months. Do you notice all the druggies have bad hips.
The stock of my shirt and tie maker just hit an all-time high--great going--great product!
The addition of the iconic Doral Resort to the Trump portfolio is one of the most exciting transactions 
If you are planning to visit the world famous Trump Tower Atrium, be sure to come early. During the holiday season it is packed by 10AM
Thanks.
Happy Birthday Andrew
Yes--it is great!
Tell Top Scot Michael Forbes to clean up his propertyit is an embarrassment to Scotland.
We are getting rid of all Glenfiddich garbage alcohol from Trump properties.
Can't pick a favorite--thanks.
is doing really well &amp; soon coming to Broadway.
Thanks
I know you are jealous of Forbes &amp; a total loser.
Awards for Trumps golf course 
Dan, of course stories on me do well. Glad you have found a medium you can actual do well on. TV was not your forte.
Thanks
I dont see the point of being politically correct if that means actually being incorrect. - Donald J. Trump 'Midas Touch'
Christmas waves a magic wand over this world, and behold, everything is softer and more beautiful. -- Norman Vincent Peale
Thank you.
Thank you.
So do most smart people!
Thanks!
Speaker seems to have gained strength in housea good thing!
.if you cant make a great deal go over the cliff &amp; negotiate new deal along with debt ceiling in February! Trump 101.
Thanks Rod--you're a great player and guy.
Your performance was great last night--BQ will win.
25 days to go until fiscal cliff (bad name)it is only a fiscal curb! Debt ceiling is real fiscal cliff...and that will be interesting!
Twisted Sister frontman shines in the record 13th season of All Star The Iron Man of Rock and Roll is great!
Scots should boycott Glenfiddich garbage for not choosing great Olympic &amp; U.S. Open champ Andy Murray over total loser Michael Forbes.
Is PM Cameron a dummy? With monumental cuts in UK spending, how come he continues to spend billions of pounds...
He is a loser--Andy Murray is a winner!
Kris, great place, enjoy!
Work hard!
Don't be so sure!
Wow--very nice!
Karzai of Afghanistan is not sticking with our signed agreement. They are dropping us like dopes. Get out now and re-build U.S.!
Trump endorses Wintour for ambassadorship 
My support of Anna Wintour for Ambassador got a lot of coverage. She is smart and will be a strong advocate for the US.
Thanks Rob!
Thank you.
Thanks and yes!
Work hard and love what you do!
... and opened a full month ahead of schedule. Case is taught in Wharton.
When I renovated Wollman Rink in Central Park, it came in $750,000 under budget..
How can George Osborne reduce UK debt while spending billions to subsidize Scotlands garbage wind turbines that are destroying the country?
Youre all wrongcheck the facts! UK is massively subsidizing Scotlands wind turbines &amp; the people dont want them.
Dopey, same people voting over &amp; over again? Andy Murray #1 by far.
25 days to go until fiscal cliff (bad name)it is only a fiscal curb! Debt ceiling is real fiscal cliff.. will be interesting!
... and, in my opinion, should not be doing The Apprentice.
If you think ugly windmills are good for Scotland you are an even worse businessman than I thought...
.... to do The Apprentice but I approved you anyway. Without my show youd be nothing!
Sugar: unlike you, I own The Apprentice. You were never successful enough...
...You have little persona, but The Apprentice concept is great and lucky for you!
Sugar: --Keep working hard so I make plenty of $ with your show...
... and many others. Drop to your knees, Sugar, and say thank you, Mr. Trump.
Dopey Look in the mirror and thank the real Lord that Donald Trump exists. You are nothing!
No, his ignorance!
Dopey Sugar....Your net worth doesn't even qualify you to host the Apprentice. Keep making me money.
you wouldnt notice because you have no vision and you are a total loser.
Dopey Sugar The wind turbines are ruining the beauty &amp; majesty of Scotland...
There are 2 things Ive found Im very good at: overcoming obstacles and motivating good people to do their best work.-The Art of The Deal
... You need the income from the show to keep going--hope it doesn't hurt.
To Tom Brady and Gisele--Best wishes on the birth of your daughter. Tom is a great player and great friend.
Back by popular demand, TV personality returns in the record 13th season of 'All Star' Marilu does great!
Today's job report is not a good sign &amp; we could be facing another recession. No real job growth. We need over 300K new jobs a month.
This year's Trump Miss Universe Pageant is comprised of truly beautiful women.Will be simulcast live December 19th on and 
Many people still out of power in Staten Island. Absolutely ridiculous. Why can't they get service?
People ask me what I do in my free time. The answer--I don't have any.
Dopey Sugar I never go silent. I was buying a major property in Florida--a property worth more than you are!
Dopey Sugar I hear your ratings last week were at an all time low--you better get them up or you'll be fired.
Dopey Sugar You should thank me for having created the platform on which you became known--The Apprentice. Say Thank you Donald
If you didnt say the iPod would be gone in a year, you might have been really rich instead of the peanut money you have.
The government is borrowing 46 cents on every dollar it spends Dangerous for us but great news for China.
Great knockout on Saturday by Juan Manuel Marquez on Manny Pacquiao. A great fight!
Great win by the yesterday. If they run the table, they will make the playoffs.
You cant con people, at least not for long. If you dont deliver the goods, people will eventually catch on. - The Art of The Deal
The lunatics in Congress banned the word lunatic from Congress last week Busy doing the peoples work!
Good luck to Bob Kraft, Tom Brady, and Coach Bill Belichick tonight.
Thank you
...If you plan for the worstif you can live with the worstthe good will always take care of itself.
Negotiation tip #2: I always go into the deal anticipating the worst...
Hes back and causing more trouble than ever before! returns in the record 13th season of All Star 
Fans like winners. They come to watch stars - great, exciting players who do great exciting things. - The Art of The Deal
March 3rd--tune in!
Trump Miss Universe, simulcast on and on December 19th, will once again deliver an entertaining and beautiful show!
Its Tuesday. How many more customers has Glenfiddich lost today?
The Republicans must use the debt ceiling as leverage to make a great deal!
Great - we are sending even more F-16s to the Muslim Brotherhood in Egypt This is a total disaster.
you can enhance location through promotion and work.
Happy Anniversary Teresa
For those of you in trouble(in these troubled times)never, ever give up!
I let come back on the record 13th season of All Star after he relentlessly begged me to--good t.v.
Can you believe the Republicans are studying the Democrats on how to win an election?
No money wasted like bad adsthe Republicans spent more &amp; got nothing for it.
The amazing Trump National Golf Club Los Angeles. 
Happy Birthday
You get what you vote for. 21% of small business owners planning to cut their workforce in 2013 
I have helped many friends and colleagues in their business ventures. They always thank me after they succeed. #MIDASTOUCH
The gorgeous contestants of Trump Miss Universe are so excited to be simulcast on both and Will be a beautiful show!
Egypt is a total mess. We should have backed Mubarak instead of dropping him like a dog.
There is no worse feeling than being trapped in a job you do not enjoy. You have to love what you do. - Think Big
We cant even stop the Norks from blasting a missile. China is laughing at us. It is really sad.
Watching Pyongyang terrorize Asia today is just amazing!
Thousands of fans have been sending letters to Trump Tower in anticipation of Really good show.
Thanks Hailey- you sound great!
Thanks Derek- and true!
Windmills are destroying every country they touch--- and the energy is unreliable and terrible. 
A horrible day for Newtown, CT and our country yesterday. My condolences to all of the families so tragically affected.
In moments like this,we are all just Americans. I join with the President, religious and civic leaders and encourage all to pray today.
President Obama spoke for me and every American in his remarks in #Newtown Connecticut.
I find the photos of these children killed in Newtown in the New York Post heartbreaking. #Angels
In light of Newtown, our country has to pull together.
The tragedy in Newtown really makes you understand how life is so fragile. Must appreciate every minute!
Many people advised me not to buy the Miss Universe pageant. They were all wrong. The deal worked out to be a great one!
Hi Jean
It's a great hotel and city, glad you enjoyed it.
I also protect myself by being flexible. I never get too attached to one deal or one approach. - The Art of The Deal
Courage is contagious. When a brave man takes a stand, the spines of others are often stiffened. - Rev. 
They asked me to dress as Santa Claus to open Miss Universe tonightIm thinking about it!
Miss Universe contestants are amazingthe most beautiful ever!
Olivia Culpo has been a star, a young Audrey Hepburn.
I hope Newtown CT can now start to healbut it wont be easy!
Great idea re minute of silence tonight--thank you.
Worst ever issue of magazinebad food Graydon Carter should be fired!
looks like a dying magazine! Really really boring, really really thin!
Pageant people are really talking about Venezuela, Brazil, Mexico, USA, India, Australia.
Back by popular demand, and are co-hosting tonight's #MissUniverse pageant. They are great!
Sheena Monnin acted terribly...she got what she deserved!
If Sheena Monnin apologized for her mistake, as she should have, I would have treated her very nicely.
Thanks!
Be sure to watch #MissUniverse tonight at 8PM on with its first simulcast on !
Wrong--Graydon Carter has no talent and looks like shit! Also, his food sucks!
Thanks Kevin, I tell the truth.
You can and you will--work hard.
No, that dope Graydon Carter has hit on me for 25 years. His magazines always fail (see SPY)
Watch Olivia Culpo crowned as 2012 in the Trump #MissUniverse Pageant 
Thanks!
Hard work but fun.
I will!
Good reason for a celebration.
Congratulations to all the Trump 2012 #MissUniverse contestants who came from across the world. You did great and made us all proud!
Which magazine went bust under Carter and as I predicted!
Thanks Justin.
Very wrong dopey!
Ratings for #MissUniverse pageant were highest in 4 years. likes me (and I like them!)
When I bought the #MissUniverse pageant 13 years ago, it was on life support...
The Apprentice will be great!
They were both terrific!
Good move!
You get what you vote for. US credit rating is about to be downgraded once again 
Kevin--Congrats--you are a winner!
Our new Olivia Culpo is not only beautiful but intelligent and accomplished. She is a wonderful role model.
Thanks Joey!
Thanks--is a total joke--just like !
True!
He is a loser who will self-destruct, just like !
Thanks Matt.
I hope so.
Thanks Jaime, Happy Holidays
.--If America's Got Talent uses you, the show will fail like all your others!
How is editor Graydon Carter allowed to run bad food restaurant Beatrice Inn? Fire Graydon!
Donald Trump to Build Trump Towers Complex in Rio de Janeiro Hispanically Speaking News
Thank you Susan.
Happy Birthday Leah
Thank you.
Deals are my art form. I like making deals, preferably big deals. - The Art of The Deal
Thanks Lisa
Thanks and good luck.
really happy with how well the #MissUniverse pageant went.
Sounds like the best place!
I agree!
Yes, Regis is the best!
From my family to yours...I want to wish you all a very merry Christmas!
My Monday interview discussing the fiscal cliff negotiations, making the big deal and who has the cards 
Im a great believer in asking everyone for an opinion before I make a decision. Its a natural reflex. - The Art of The Deal
Watching these politicians trying to get a deal done is truly painful --- Republicans are in a much stronger position than they think.
When renovations are completed, Trump National Doral will be the finest resort in the U.S.
Back by popular demand, the fabulous returns to the record setting 13th season of All Star The fans love him!
I hate hearing after all of the hard work that never wanted to become President.
I told the Republicans the debt ceiling talks should come before election--&amp; we would have a Republican presidentthey wouldnt listen.
Its Thursday. How much time did Washington waste today trying to find a solution on the so-called fiscal cliff?
Republicans rememberdebt ceiling, debt ceiling, debt ceilingbe smart and you will win!
She was great!
I hope so!
Even more--thanks.
Thank you.
Yes--he is a great guy!
Thanks--and Happy New Year to you.
Good luck.
Sorry to hear of yesterdays passing of General Norman Schwarzkopf. He was a terrific general and leader--we could use more like him.
Donald Trump on Fiscal Cliff and Obama 
My interview re: how the debt ceiling is key point, the fiscal curb &amp; why we must &amp; can make a great deal. 
Thank you.
The Republicans once again hold all the cards with the debt ceiling. They can get everything they want. Focus!
Any deal completed before the fiscal curb must have tangible cuts on expenditures, in baseline spending, so we can get our credit back.
I always enjoy watching young entrepreneurs enter the business world. I can tell who reads my books and who doesnt. #MidasTouch
Thanks--have fun!
The Art of the Deal is a good start.
Leverage: dont make deals without it. - The Art of The Deal
Raising large sums of money for charities--and they do a great job.
Visiting New York City? Make sure to skate in the world famous Trump Rink in Central Park Great for the whole family!
You have to set higher and higher goals. You have to want more or you will start slipping backwards fast. - Think BIG
Sounds nice--and thanks. Happy New Year to you and yours.
Thanks, it's a wonderful place to be--and Happy New Year.
What is Mitch McConnell thinking?...make the big deal!
My interview from Monday discussing Obamas tone, going over the curb and Republican debt ceiling card 
The party of the year in Palm Beach was the New Year's Eve celebration at the Mar-a-Lago Club--it was amazing. 
I always follow my own instincts, but I am not going to kid you: its also nice to get good reviews. - The Art of the Deal
Congratulations to on celebrating 100 days in her bone marrow transplant recovery. Robin is a special person.
If we get tough and make the hard choices, we can make America a rich nationand respectedonce again. - Time to Get Tough
The Republicans must face reality &amp; create a strong &amp; positive immigration policy--if not they will continue to lose elections.
...Remember--I told you so.
Make sure you realize that this deal is only a stop gap measure.Obama will be looking to raise even more taxes in the coming negotiation..
This deal voted for has $41 in tax increases for every $1 in spending cuts. It is pathetic. Obama is laughing at them.
If you strike out, nobody is going to help you--not your friends, not the government. You have to look to look out for yourself.-Think Big
A total mess!
True!
Yes, and I am Presbyterian.
Donald Trump on cliff: Other countries are eating our lunch 
Trump Not Happy with Republicans 
I can't believe Republican leadership allowed such a stupid deal to be made. They are rapidly giving up all of their cards.
Thanks, I think!
I fully understand your question.
I do complain.
Mimi--perhaps because they are losers.
March 3rd.
The boardroom has never been as intense as in the upcoming 13th season of All Star Premieres March 3rd on !
Sounds like it!
Yes -- 
Thanks.
Think of yourself as a one-man army. Youre not only the commander in chief, youre the soldier as well. - Think Like a Billionaire
She was great!
Dopey, I never went bankrupt.
Great to see Sec. Clinton leaving the hospital yesterday with and Pres. Clinton. Glad she is recuperating.
Republicans had all the cards but not the guts to make a great deal!
That is something to think about, isn't it!
Thanks
I love what is doing.
Thanks Heidi.
True and true!
Just shows that you can have all the cards and lose if you dont know what youre doing.
Try Never Give Up for lessons in tenacity.
Yes, I thought Romney would do better--just didn't catch on!
Thank you!
True.
Not great!
Nobody says this!
Thanks Jack and Happy New Year.
Thanks.
Thanks and Happy New Year.
True!
Adele--Happy Birthday.
Make sure you take some time to enjoy the weekend. Important for your mind and will help you be productive next week.
To all young entrepreneurs entering the business world - stay positive, focused and remember everything has its ups and downs.
The 13th season of All Star is unique. We really pushed the envelope here. Our great and loyal fans will love it.
March 3rd.
Take a look at this amazing photo of the cast from the first ever All Star 
Thank you!
Work hard!
Hi Morgan and good luck.
My interview discussing Chuck Hagel nomination, Republicans terrible deal making &amp; where we go next 
Donald Trump hosts first-ever 'Trump Invitational' at Mar-a-Lago 
Thx for the good wishes--you are going to have a really big year!
Nominating Chuck Hagel for SOD is the wrong move for Obama. He doesnt need the fight. Too much political capital will be wasted.
thanks--work hard and good luck.
Trade with China has killed over 29% of US manufacturing jobs in the US China is robbing us blind!
The worst thing you can possibly do in a deal is seem desperate to make it. - The Art of the Deal
What you dream about is what you will do. If you cannot even dream of doing big things, you will never do anything big in life.- Think Big
Great!
True!
True!
Yes, send address.
Great!
WowGolf Magazine just named Trump Scotland best new course.
Golf Odyssey just named Trump Scotland Golf course of the year.
Congratulations to on winning the BCS championship last night!
Hi Ethan
The Iranians are sure happy with Obamas nomination of Hagel. Already praising Hagel as Anti-Israel 
Great reminder--thanks.
Thanks.
Thank you.
I will!
Thanks!
Miss Alabama, Katherine Webb, has been a truly great representative of the Ms. USA Organization..We are proud of her!
The fans are going to love the tasks in the upcoming 13th season of All Star The biggest yet!
March 3rd.
Thanks Sean.
In this game, knowledge is the key to power. - Think Big
You should--they are great!
Interesting view!
She's fantastic.
Work hard.
True!
Thanks Joe.
Stay tuned!
Great--I would rather it be here--by far.
True--just terrible.
Stay tuned!
Thanks!
Watch Eric at 9 am (EST) today on Fox 5 w/ and David Price to discuss Eric Trump Foundation's $20 million donation to St Jude
Happy Birthday Kristine
Seems like it!
Great job!
No, but I hate incompetence.
Happy New Year Sandra.
No.
Easier said than done!
Thanks.
was so nervous talking about me on the showIve never seen him like that!
Great and thanks!
I have and I do.
Not easy!
I have accepted s $5 million offer paid to me for charity (made on the show).
The charities I have designated for donations are: Police Athletic League-New York, March of Dimes, Hurricane Sandy victims....
I hope pays quickly so that this money can immediately be given to the charities.
Not true!
Thanks (I think)!
Interesting.
The opposite!
Watch spot covering the first annual Trump Invitational at Mar-a-Lago 
This is how it starts. Obama is now threatening to use an Executive Order for gun control Welcome to his 2nd term.
Small bright spot in lackluster economy - travel industry added 81,000 jobs in 2012 Trump Org had a record year.
Thank you.
Great -- Good luck James
He's back! returns to cause even more trouble in the13th season of All Star 
I will be doing tonight on Fox at 9 oclock. Will be interesting and tough!
Thanks.
Thank you.
My interview discussing stardom and why apology was unwarranted 
Thanks.
True!
True!
True!
So am I.
Chuck--you are great--thanks!
True! They are great.
I will.
Thanks.
Thanks.
EST
Thanks.
hall of famer brings his A game in the 13th season of All Star This time, Dennis is a star!
New rule for : check the law before you make a public absolute offer.
Thanks.
Thanks and good luck.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thanks Brandon.
Scary. President Obama told Boehner that the government doesn't have a spending problem 

Thanks.
Thanks.
Thanks Dana.
Thanks!
Thanks John.
Again, dont forget to watch tonight on Fox at 9 oclock EST.
Thank you.
True!
Thanks.
Thanks Melanie.
Thanks!
I will!
True!
Thanks, we'll see!
Great!
Thanks and good luck.
Thank you.
Thanks.
I won't.
2nd segment of my interview discussing insult of parents and sending him $5M bill 
DONALD TRUMP TO BILL MAHER: PAY UP 
Find work that you love. You have to have passion. That provides motivation.
The Baldwin family is well represented in the 13th season of All Star with Stephen does great.
The Republicans are always worried about the press--they should just do what is right.
Happy Birthday
Lets get out of Afghanistan. Our troops are being killed by the Afghanis we train and we waste billions there. Nonsense! Rebuild the USA.
Our new allies in Egypt the Muslim Brotherhood have close relations with Iran We never should have abandoned Mubarak.
If youre still in school, pay attention. Education is a money machine. - Think Like a Billionaire
I cant wait to donate s $5 million to charity. Just waiting on to send me the money.
Thanks.
Thanks.
Thank you.
I will try!
If you have a crisis, whether on a ship or wherever, there are heroes who rise above it. - Jerry Bruckheimer
Congratulations to Bob Kraft and Coach Bill Belichick for having built an amazing team. 
Peyton Manning should have passed on 3rd down!
I cant believe allowed final touchdowndumbest defensive play I have ever seen in football.
...and will be very embarrassed unless they get smart fast.
I am a handwriting analyst. Jack Lews handwriting shows, while strange, that he is very secretivenot necessarily a bad thing.
Dopey is in for a lot of troubleI hope he has $5 million (for charity).
Is the dumbest man on television? I think so.
Lance Armstrong is now going to admit guiltcan that be possible after many years of denying? Just go away Lance.
According to many, and while nominated, I would have won the Emmy many times except for my politics. 
Remember, as a senator, Obama did not vote for increasing the debt ceiling I guess things change when President?!
Back by popular demand, returns to the 13th season of All Star She is fierce in the Board Room!
Sadly, Im probably helping s lowly rated showbut charity will benefit by $5 million so its worth it.
Still waiting for a response from Does he even have $5 million?
Everyone is starting to feel the new tax hikes. You get what you vote for!
It is snowing in Jerusalem and across Lebanon. Global warming!
... debut her first 2013 Melania Timepieces &amp; Fashion Jewelry collection!
A savvy investor is a sponge for information. You have to read the newspapers...
If someone says Ill bet you ten dollars and loses the bet, its pay up time.
Can you believe that the Afghan war is our longest war everbring our troops home, rebuild the U.S., make America great again.
Thanks.
Thanks, enjoy.
I don't measure a man's success by how high he climbs but how high he bounces when he hits bottom. -- George S. Patton
Thanks and good luck.
Thanks Bradley.
Never bet against Bob Kraft, Bill Belichick or Tom Brady! 
From Bloomberg: Chryslers Jeep expects China production agreement soon. I told you so.
Lance Armstrong is having a breakdown. What is he doinghis life is now officially over!
Lance Armstrongs liability &amp; lawsuits against him have just increased tenfoldhis lawyers will be very happylots of fees!
No, held up to storm very well.
Wrong!
Do your homework before you invest. A dumb investor is a dead investor. - Think Like a Billionaire
Hard work is my personal method for financial success. You can do it, too. - Think Big
Thanks Antoine.
is burying itself. 63% of Republican voters think Congress is out of touch...
... to OPEC countries that hate our guts. Its stupid policy.- Time To Get Tough
Does anyone really believe that Chuck Hagel is sorry for any of his past comments or supports Israel?
Re Lance Armstrongnot only was it a big lie but a big lie that lasted too long!
China watched Obamas press conference yesterday salivating. We will be borrowing trillions more from them.
Thanks Christian and good luck.
March 3rd.
Thanks and enjoy.
Go as far as you can see; when you get there, you'll be able to see farther. -- J. P. Morgan
March 3rd.
He brought them on himself!
has not responded...not a word. His lawyers must have told him to shut up!
Thank you.
Great!
Write to Mark Burnett.
Thank you.
Lance Armstrong made a really big mistake by opening up to Oprah. Ill bet he wishes he had the chance to do it over again.
Look, I have always liked Lance Armstrong- I just hated what he did to himself, including recently. His life will now be hell.
The first ever All-Star Celebrity premieres Sunday March 3rd! 
Congratulations to Tom Scocca and Timothy Burke of for exposing the Manti Teo fiasco.
Not believable that Manti Teo was in love for one year with a girl he never met- she then died. He is either very stupid....
Can it just be new age that Manti Teo fell in love with a girl he never met or is it a hoax?
IMO--- Manti Teo was involved in a hoax for sympathy to get the Heisman Trophy.
.s apology(Brent Musburger) was a disgrace to broadcasting--- stop being so politically correct!
needs to cut back on the pot, and maybe he will stop making offers he cant afford.
.s show is great for helping me get to sleep--- better than Sominex.
should fire and bring back - someone that is actually funny.
All time hit leader Pete Rose should now be in the Baseball Hall Of Fame. He has paid his penalty!
Miss Alabama stopped by to say hello today. 
Lance Armstrong did himself great harm last night. Lawsuits &amp; failure will follow him!
was great-- amazing that she got Lance Armstrong to totally destroy his life. Why did he ever do that interview?
The interview was great for and terrible for Lance Armstrong!
Teos imaginary girlfriend is one of the great cons of all timeor hes very stupid.
Alabama people are saying their team has real football &amp; real girlfriendsnot good for Notre Damebut theyll be back!
guys are total losersthey had their story stolen right from under their bad complexionsother media capitalized!
will never make itthey dont understand graciousness or moneyand best guy is leaving?
.s disgusting response will teach me &amp; others not to be nice anymorea sad lesson.
She can't but I adore her.
Thanks.
Sad losers!
Thanks.
Wrong!
Champion triumphantly returns to 13th season of All Star Spoiler - Bret is back to his winning ways.
Thanks Steve.
Yes.
with some of my memorabilia. 
Thanks Nick.
Thanks Hank.
Trump, Dana-Farber waiting on Bill Maher 
Thanks.
Yes, and thanks.
Wow...NYT reports was the number 1 show in branding on television for all of 2012.
I wish President the best of luck in his second term...
...Whether you are a Republican or Democrat we should hope that Pres. does a great job for the country.
Obamas second term is going to very tough for the Republicans. The Republicans must pick their battles wisely and play smart.
Pay attention to the small numbers in your finances, such as percentages and cents...
The Presidents speech was very combative toward Republicansthey have obviously not earned his respect!
Republicans, dont extend the debt ceilingmake the great deal now!
Obamas speech indicates he wants to change this country as we know it--wow, he really feels emboldened.
Part of Obamas new-found confidence is that the Republicans arent using their power of ideas properly or effectively.
Emil--great &amp; do well with it!
Thanks and enjoy!
He is too smart to do that!
You really sound like a loser no-name!
Winning!
Not looking like it!
Thanks Timothy.
Very nice, thanks Barb.
You do, and thanks.
Thanks Tiffany.
Thanks--enjoy your visit.
Thanks Bobbie.
Hope so!
Easy--only small area.
Here I am with at Mar-a-Lago. 
You were a terrible editor who got fired?--and you were wrong.
And a dumb guy!
Only tell the political truth--thanks.
My interview discussing my video endorsement of and past visits to 
Thanks Jedi.
Thanks Heidi.
is excellent on American Idolgreat touch, solid guy!
Make sure you are doing what you love to do. You need passion to keep you going.
I do--and say hello to Carson.
Barbaraget better fast &amp; stay healthy forever.
Thanks and good luck.
The worst negotiators in history (otherwise known as Republicans) have just offered to suspend debt ceiling for four months. Pathetic!
Watch this great behind the scenes video of Spring 2013 photo shoot- 
One positive from last week for Lance was that everyone was focused on Manti Te'o! Why did Lance do that interview?
The Tea Party delivered the House for so they could be fiscally responsible. Instead they have been irresponsible!
Scary. Over 8,332,000 Americans left the work force during Obama's first term How did Romney lose that election?
Happy 8th Anniversary to 
I cannot believe the Republicans are extending the debt ceilingI am a Republican &amp; I am embarrassed!
I can accept failure, everyone fails at something. But I can't accept not trying. - Michael Jordan
When the New York Times sold their beautiful, long-time building for peanuts &amp; the buyer flipped it for a massive profitthey lost me!
Back by popular demand, delivers in the upcoming All-Stars season. Yes, he sings.
Congratulations to on his electoral victory. He will now be the longest serving A great leader.
Stamps are going up once again. Now the US postal service will lose even more money.
I still cant believe we left Iraq without the oil.
There is no world problem which cannot be solved if people of good will &amp; intelligence want it to be.
Health insurance premiums are rising by double digits Another tax to the consumer by Obama Care. Enjoy!
Thanks.
That's true!
Great! Good luck!
Thanks.
True!
Do you notice the silence lately on wind turbine monstrosities? The people of Scotland &amp; many other countries are fighting back.
Work hard, be focused and keep your momentum at full speed.
has not yet sent me the $5M he owes which I am giving to various charities. Come on Billyou made a deal.
Thank you.
We have a system that increasingly taxes work and subsidizes nonwork. - Milton Friedman
Thanks and enjoy.
I just saw my new tie &amp; shirt collectionits fantasticunbelievable look. Go to Macys now to buy!
Top brand impact is what television is all about from the commercial standpointa big deal for 
Todays assignment: read Chapter 7 Trump Tower: The Tiffany Location of The Art of the Deal. Focus on how I marketed the property.
Yes I am--I am saving it from wind turbine destruction!
Sadly true--but it can change.
That is not the reason.
Gretayoure wrong, Kirsten Powers is a dummywasnt she Anthony Weiners girlfriend?
Wind farms are now being paid to shut down A complete waste.
Hi Justin.
Great!
He had very bad advice.
Because my mother was born in Scotland &amp; it will be destroyed by windfarms.
They call me names but that's ok?
Great and thanks.
Good idea--enjoy!
returns to All-Stars this season. His streak of chaos and havoc continues!
Be concise.
...Terrible for the economy and a job killer. China is laughing at us!
Watch Obama push major global warming legislation early in his second term...
Check her records!
Nathalie--Thanks and best wishes.
Thanks Matthew!
100% real!
Thanks Dirks--my honor.
Elliot--I just liked your tone--have a wonderful time at Doral.
But true!
Everybody says that! Thanks.
Don't find fault, find a remedy. -- Henry Ford
Work hard and smart!
Happy Birthday.
It all comes down to one simple question: How much money can you stand to lose? Thats how much risk you should assume.
One of the keys to thinking big is total focus. - The Art of The Deal
Wow, the ALIS just nominated my purchase of Doral in Miami as Transaction of the Yearthanks!
Radio interview w/ discussing, why NY must start fracking &amp; staying in primary 
One of the countrys dumbest newspapersThe Palm Beach Post--should be put to sleep. Its dying. 
is rightCalifornia taxes are far too high. Its ridiculous.
True!
True!
Thanks Matt.
Got to know Senator in Aspen, Colorado years agoa very solid and stand-up guy.
The freezing cold weather across the country is brutal. Must be all that global warming.
The Iranians are having 'difficulties' with their nuclear program But no thanks to us!
U.S. small businesses are truly worried about rising healthcare costs and taxes I told you so!
President Obama's inaugural had record low ratings. What does that portend?
Lots of people are asking whether or not I should have run for Presidentstay tuned for the answer.
Maybe Im old fashioned but I dont like seeing women in combat.
Always remember: Dress for the job you want, not the job you have. - Think Like a Billionaire
True!
Thanks Christopher.
Thanks Ann.
Spain's government is closing down wind turbines--- the maintenance is higher than the income.
60 Minutes treats President Obama with kid gloves--- Mike Wallace is spinning in his grave!
Gov. referred to the Republicans as the stupid party. Now he has given Dems a phrase to use.
Is Gov. the stupid one for using the phrase the stupid party when referring to the Republicans?
Here I am with Whitney Houston at a party at Mar-a-Lago. 
A-Rod should do the Yankees a favor and never play again.
is playing like his old self in the Farmers Insurance Open. He will have a great year.
Still waiting to hear from Every day he dodges me is one less day that $5M is being used for charity.
A leader does not deserve the name unless he is willing occasionally to stand alone. - Henry A. Kissinger
We'll see.
Two years ago I told everybody to start looking &amp; buying housesI hope you listened! (but there is still time).
If you want to succeed you should strike out on new paths, rather than travel worn paths of accepted success. - John D. Rockefeller
The new reality. Chinas economy underpins global demand Our leaders just watched as China took full control.
A-Rod is now being investigated for continued doping have a great opportunity to dump him now. Go for it!
Faldo calls team-up for golf course with Trump entertaining 
TVs darling is back in this years All-Star Marilu is a fierce competitor.
Happy Birthday and good luck!
Just as I predicted, people are going to be shocked by the rise in premium prices thanks to Obama Care Enjoy!
I love all sports!
Thanks Larry.
True!
Not even close but that doesn't matter!
Thanks Lynn!
Horses went up also!
Thanks--stay tuned.
Thanks Erol.
Wow--that's really nice!
Tea.
Marilu is a fantastic person &amp; really smart!
Let's see!
Thanks.
Randy Moss should not be bragging about himselfIm the only one who is allowed to do that!
Immigration reform is finebut dont rush to give away our country! Sounds like thats whats happening.
You have to have confidence in yourself and confidence to know that what you are doing is right. - Think Big
... People love to hear their names and their stories said out loud. - Think Like a Billionaire
Remember peoples names and small details about them. Use both in conversation...
See attached article. Very frightening to people living around these monstrosities 
Another nasty season premieres Sunday, March 3rd at 9/8c on NBC! 
are privately ecstatic over A-Rod's latest doping bust. The evidence is damning don't want him.
I agree!
True!
That's great--you will love what we are doing!
I love that idea!
Thanks--a great building.
I dont know why the keep paying A-Rodthey have a perfect out.
Pervert alert--serial sexter is polling to test the waters for NYC political run. 
Obama's speech in Las Vegas yesterday cost the taxpayer $520 per word and over $1.6M More money borrowed from China.
Thanks.
That is indeed true!
True.
Thanks.
Not good!
I do!
True!
Little I dont need your praise - - just pay me the money you owe.
Thanks Cynthia.
Big newsWOWU.S. economy shrinks!
Good idea!
I have a 93% approval rating in Scotland.
Good ideas and hard work!
Not really!
Thanks and good luck.
Everyone is asking if and when I will endorse a candidate in the NYC mayoral race. Doing my due diligence
Yes, I will give my pick tomorrow. Watch cover it on 
Let other people talk. Any business conversation should be two-sided. - Think Like a Billionaire
Little, you illegally used my name for your song Donald Trump which now has over 75 million hits.
Little, I want the money not the plaque you gave me!
Little, Im now going to teach you a big boy lesson about lawsuits and finance. You ungrateful dog!
Flashback: What Learned from the 'Rock Star of Real Estate' 
Thanks--that's Trump International Hotel &amp; Tower.
See ungrateful Little s statement to me a year ago - he was kissing my ass!
Little I have more hair than you do and theres a slight age difference.
Hagel's performance yesterday was the worst I have ever seen before a committee of any kind!
Be sure you put your feet in the right place, then stand firm. - Abraham Lincoln
Donald Trump to name golf course after mother 
Bad. survey shows 30% of businesses not hiring-- they are worried they wont be around in a year. 
March 3rd 9 pm EST on NBC
As promised, my pick is the San Francisco 
New York.
Best buildilng and service.
Which they should!
True--good luck!
Thanks Drew. Good luck.
Thanks for your kind thoughts, I love S.I.
Instinct has a lot to do with timing. You have to be patient &amp; wait for your instincts to tell you the best time to make your move.
Remain open to new ideas. That's where innovation comes from.
The Country is being run just like the stadium.
I picked seven Super Bowl winners in a row &amp; would have been right last night had the refs thrown the flag.
didnt come through with his promised $5 million for charity so today I will sue him.
Sadly, that's right.
Thank you very much.
Thanks--my honor!
That's right.
Thanks.
That's good news!
If Karl Rove &amp; Establishment continue to attack the Tea Party, who delivered in 2010, then there will be a 3rd Party in 2016.
Thanks!
Very nice--thanks again.
Thank you.
True and thanks!
has been saying very nice things about me on his show recently. He has a fantastic radio show that I always enjoy!
March 3rd, 9 pm EST on 
China is about to acquire 82,800 net acres of a Texas shale oil and gas field What are we doing!
Victoria's Secret reps were nasty to and now she is doing great.
Surround yourself with people who are smarter than you. -- 
I also plan to keep making deals, big deals, and right around the clock. - The Art of The Deal
A great beauty!
Yes and thanks.
Yes!
Thanks Anthony.
Good luck.
Yes.
Sorry, have to be a member.
I am a cautious optimist. Call it positive thinking with a lot of reality checks.
$4 gasoline - wowOPEC is very happy!
Gas prices are going up big leagueI told you sopayback to OPEC!
Wise words from my mother: Trust in God and be true to yourself. Mary MacLeod Trump
Then ask: What am I pretending not to see? These two simple questions can pave the way for some very clear answers.
Ask: Is there anyone else who can do this better than I can? Thats just another way of saying know yourself &amp; know your competition.
Actually, too many to pick one.
Could be true--thanks.
Yes--leadership!
No discounts, only penalties!
Thanks--work hard.
Thanks!
Nice--thanks.
He was great--loved Kew Forest.
Yes.
Great!
She was great!
The big and highly respected Cooley LLP is handling the case for me.
A top firm like Cooley will only submit a case they believe in and can win.
My interview re: blackout, s stupid comment &amp; suing f/$5M 
Donald Trump Issues Statement Regarding $5 Million Lawsuit Against Bill Maher 
returns in All-Star 2001 Playmate of the Year is a determined competitor. She is terrific!
Trump is hosting the WGC from March 6th - 10th. Join me--I will be there all four days.
With the record high February gas prices hurting the economy, even more reason to start fracking. Will create jobs &amp; lower prices.
True and thanks.
Keep going!
Great--thank you!
True and thanks.
True!
The Art of the Deal.
Money was never a big motivation for me, except as a way to keep score.The excitement is playing the game.-The Art of The Deal
Thanks, coming up soon, March 3rd.
Had a great time on the show this morninghe will and should never change!
Again, immigration reform is finebut dont rush to give away our country. Thats whats happening!
Re: immigration. Do the Republicans not realize that Dems will get 100% of 11 million votes no matter what they do?
Immigration reform really changes the voting scales for the Republicansfor the worse!
You should always feel comfortable bargaining for goods and services. I do it all the time. - Think Like a Billionaire
Which hotel?
Just the beginning!
Be smart &amp; work hard!
The best deals are good for everyone, which creates a win-win situation. Negotiation is persuasion more than power.
Thanks.
Thanks Nathalie.
Look at the solution, not the problem. Learn to focus on what will give results.
Appears that you are.
Thanks Ric.
Thanks.
True and thank you.
Thanks.
Thanks--will do.
Thanks Jack!
Thanks and that's good news. Good luck.
Keep your momentum. Without momentum, a lot of great ideas go nowhere.
Thanks Andrew.
Hall of Famer rebounds for a tremendous performance in his return to this year's All-Star ! Great guy!
Okay thanks.
Happy 102nd birthday to President Ronald Reagan. Every day that passes, Reagan's presidency looks better and better.
Oh the wonders of the Arab Spring. Our new 'ally' the Muslim Brotherhood hosted Ahmadinejad yesterday No more aid.
My interview with Howard Stern this morning! 
Just as I predicted, immigration reform will increase the cost of ObamaCare over $300B More money borrowed from China.
Be tough, be smart, be personable, but don't take things personally. That's good business.
Thanks.
Thanks Jane.
Thanks Owen.
Your upgrade has been granted &amp; noted by the front desk. Have a wonderful time at Trump International Las Vegas.
People like doing deals with me because they know it will be profitable, that I work quickly, and that they will be treated fairly.
My interview with discussing how I will see my $5M lawsuit against to the end 
In Charlottesville, Virginia...
Great!
Thank you.
Thanks!
Great going Mark.
Thank you.
Great--and great city!
I hope so!
Thanks Tom.
Thanks.
True and thanks!
Democrats try so hard to mock &amp; belittle Republicans&amp; the Republicans just dont fight backno energy!
Thanks.
Thanks!
Keep the big picture in mind. There are always opportunites &amp; possibilities &amp; thinking too small can negate a lot of them.
Yes.
In retrospect I agree with you.
I have just responded!
Why are people giving money to Karl Rove when he just wasted $400M without any victories? Use your head.
Karl Roves strategy and commercials were the worst I have ever seen.
Thanks Colene--very nice! Keep up the good work.
Thanks a lot Megan.
Thank you, nice work.
Thanks!
Must read article: Conservative Fury at Rove Erupts By Jeffrey Lord 
Thanks.
Keep fighting and learning!
Thanks and good luck.
100% true.
True!
Thanks--food for thought!
Interesting!
Great! Keep working hard.
Great! Good luck.
Once again, thanks Nathalie.
True, and thank you.
Thanks Jimmy.
Thanks.
Negotiation is persuasion more than power. Be reasonable and flexible, and never let anyone know exactly where youre coming from.
Take the time to make it great.
Happy Birthday Ray.
Back by popular demand, this years All-Star sees the return of ! Our fans love her.
Thanks Suz for your comments.
The golden rule of negotiation = He who has the gold makes the rules. Read Art of the Deal &amp; How To Get Rich.
A-Rods forgery defense is blown The more he lies, the worse it's going to get. want out of his contract
Know everything you can (update daily) &amp; cover your bases.
Hagel committee vote has been postponed as Hagel refuses to disclose all his finances 
China keeps manipulating its currency at our financial expense. Why do our leaders continually let China run all over us?
The past 4 years have seen the weakest multiyear recovery since WWII Need to loosen regulations and lower taxes.
Thanks.
Thanks Michael.
Can you imagine if Bushs administration drafted a memo legalizing the killing of Americans?! Democrats are such hypocrites.
Thanks Andrea and good luck.
Great, good luck.
Ashley Judd Targeted by Super PAC in Ad (Video) 
Being an entrepreneur is not a group effort. You have to trust yourself and your instincts.
Good luck!
It's about time!
Thanks.
Good idea.
Yes, if they fight!
But he will get it!
Thank you.
No person who is enthusiastic about his work has anything to fear from life. - Samuel Goldwyn
Be confident, pay attention--and good luck.
Good!
Thanks.
Thanks Jake.
Dummy forgot to say that he made an absolute offer which I accepted. Hopefully, charity gets $5M dollars.
Congratulations to my friend on winning the big golf tournament today!
Tweet of the Day 
I dont like bullies. I am not going to stand around and watch target the Tea Party. Karl Rove gave us Barack Obama. Loser.
Why does lie about his Reagan credentials? Hes a Bushie through and through.
Donald Trump offers political advice to Palm Beach Republicans 
Donald Trump: Karl Rove Is A Total Loser, So Why Are People Still Giving Him Money? 
is far more to blame for Obama's victory than the Tea Party.
Had a great time hosting the Palm Beach County Republican at Mar-a-Lago. gave a strong speech. Shes great!
... but is allowed to say that about me.
Can you imagine if said about Obama what he said about me (orangutan etc)the press would run him out of the country...
What do you think of my suing for $5M for charity? He made an offer, I accepted.
Preview of Obamas SOTU: More taxes, bigger government, shrink the private sector, end the Republicans &amp; bankrupt the country. Enjoy!
Sad. Our food stamp rolls now surpass the entire population of Spain We must do better or we will be Greece.
Going to Charlotte, NC to speak before more than 20,000 people on Saturday morningtotal sellout crowdwill be great!
Trump reveals routing for second course in Scotland 
Trump to build second Scottish course 
Its okay but why do the haters (&amp; losers) want to follow me on twitter?? Get a life!
The new course at Trump International Scotland will be a par-72 layout, with five sets of tees ranging from 7,540 yards to 5,630.
Magician extraordinaire is back in the All-Star This time he has even more tricks up his sleeve.
Always pretend that youre working for yourself. Youll do a wonderful job. Its simple, but it works.
Have confidence, work hard, and keep your focus on the small things that matter while keeping the big picture in mind.
To all young college graduates - stick in there, keep your head up and make sure you dont miss any opportunities. They are out there.
Hi and thanks.
Another must read from Jeffrey Lord : Rove Email Leaks: Ideological War Opens in GOP 
Will the Keystone XL pipeline finally be approved? Will create over 100,000 jobs and make us more energy independent.
Keep your vision intact -- be positively persistent.
Surprised signed Michael Vick yesterday to be their 2013 QB. Vick is talented but brittle &amp; probably won't last long.
I dont know what will happen with the lawsuit against dummy but have an obligation to charity to bring it.
Check s background &amp; you will find he is not a smart guyhe just wants people to think he is--just call him dummy.
Thanks Doug, Skylar and Tammy.
Yes, absolutely. There are always opportunities and therefore hope. Good luck Carsen!
Work hard and keep at it!
Good luck!
I went to Wharton, made over $8 billion, employ thousands of people &amp; get insulted by morons who cant get enough of me on twitter...!
Well, Trace will now have a second chance.
I like Joe Paterno and his family.
I am right--current tense.
NY should frack now. Whats the hold up? Is Albany opposed to creating jobs and making gas cheaper for middle class?
Thanks!
True!
Interesting!
Just a small percentage.
Every business has surprises, hidden dangers beneath the surface, and little known opportunities that can lead to huge success.
Definitely worth it.
Very nice, thanks Rachel.
Thanks--but they should get a life.
Not a bad idea--thanks!
Yes.
Thanks Kelly.
Thanks--work hard &amp; good luck.
is a fantastic guy!
The harder you work, the luckier you get. - Gary Player
Thanks--they are good kids!
Thanks Jarred.
Thanks Kari.
Thanks Amelia!
Okay, great!
Good luck!
Work hard!
Gain and use information to your advantage--see every day as an opportunity to learn.
Marco Rubio is being crucified by the media for drinking water during speech!
Next time Marco Rubio should drink his water from a glass as opposed to a bottlewould have much less negative impact.
Interesting!
Very nice--thank you!
Very good!
Much worse!
Thanks--glad it was good.
Anytime!
Shes back! Champion returns to the boardroom in this years All-Star Joan is ferocious.
I was never a big fan of Bush--he gave us Obama.
You are right but I always believe in hitting back--and thanks.
What a shock - higher taxes are slowing retail spending Wait until 2014 when Obama Care is fully implemented.
I will try!
Dummy, I never went bankrupt.
Whatever you are doing right now, make sure to stop for a minute, focus and ask yourself Am I thinking BIG?
Thanks--read my books, they can help.
Sounds like a good idea to me!
Be focused, be disciplined, be patient--there are very few cases of instant gratification.
Today.
You've got something unique to offer--find out what it is. Ask yourself: What can I provide that does not yet exist? Innovation can follow..
What is the standard for which you want to be known? Identify that standard and follow it.
Do not pray for easy lives. Pray to be stronger men. - Pres. John F. Kennedy
If US Air &amp; American Airlines are allowed to merge, ticket prices will skyrocketthere will be no competition.
Thanks.
Great success!
True!
Definitely exciting.
Thanks Robert.
Paying attention is a cost effective way of protecting yourself and your interests.
Thanks Gilberto and good luck.
Hi Evelina.
Thanks and good luck.
Congrats for being ranked #1 on and a Travellers' Choice 2013 Winner!
Great school--thanks!
Thanks Thomas!
Great--and good luck!
True!
Donald Trump on Mark Levin: Karl Rove is one of the most overrated people in politics 
My interview discussing Obama's SOTU, Rove's attack on the Tea Party &amp; All-Star 
Sounds interesting.
Thanks Dorian--it pays to persevere.
Thanks Tony, good luck.
If US Air and American Airlines are allowed to merge, we are back to the days of monopoly.
Everyone's favorite frontman, Twisted Sister lead singer returns to this years All-Star Dee does great!
The Tea Party is filled with great Americans. Despite being mistreated by everyone, including, they will continue to fight on
need to face reality - not one of the illegal immigrants granted amnesty will vote Republican.
Thanks Susan.
Thanks--work hard every day!
And I look forward to it--big crowd.
In my office with Banana Joe, who just won the at 
It will be great--thanks.
You're right--billions.
No surprise, with the talk of amnesty in DC, illegal immigration is picking up in Arizona 
Obama vacationing in West Palm Beach starting tomorrow. He should play a round at Trump Int'l Golf Club - #1 rated course in Florida.
Dopey--Big success and great for Scotland!
Watch what happens, dummy--it won't be pretty.
Thank you Andy and best wishes to you.
Thanks for all the great comments on all my recent interviews. Much appreciated.
You're absolutely right.
Seriously!
If you can count the amount of time you put into a project on your fingers, then you havent spent enough time on it.
thanks
Thanks Neil.
Happy birthday Matt.
Thanks Dom.
Do not give in to anger. It destroys your focus on goals and ruins your concentration. - Think Big
Thanks and good luck.
Keep up the good work Cynthia.
Success is good. Success with significance is even better. Work on what you will be proud to be associated with--make your work count.
That's good news! Congrats.
Thanks Adam!
I never want someone working for me who doesnt want to be there--and in the same way, you shouldnt want to be there, either.
#1 = be passionate. If you love what you're doing, success will follow. With passion, discouragement can't take hold.
All-Star has done the impossible. TV's greatest villain &amp; are in competition. Fireworks!
Thanks--will be great!
March 3rd, 9 PM EST on NBC
Thanks Brianna!
Looking forward to speaking International Convention tomorrow morning in Charlotte, NC 
Good idea.
The American-US Airways merger will create even worse service and much higher fares.
People have been asking to hear my Howard Stern interviewyou can access it on 
Hi Chris.
Looks like is having some problems with his Rock Center with Brian Williams show--I hate to see such bad ratings for 
WowFamily Feud said I am the third most envied man in America. I respectfully disagreeI am very modest.
If Im the third most envied man in America, the small group of haters and losers must be nauseas.
Great going.
Thanks
Thanks.
I said gas prices would sky rocket after election - Opec payback!
I am surprised that Hugo Chavez can keep power in his weak physical condition!
Thanks!
Thanks.
Jerry Buss was a great guy and friend. He will be missed!
Thanks!
Be tenacious. Being tenacious means you're tough and patient at once--a formidable combination.
Listen and learn from others but make your own decisions. Use your instincts--you alone know where you want to go.
My interview discussing Pres. Obama playing golf w/, US Airways-American merger &amp; oil 
All-Star, premiering March 3rd on, features terrific TV stars competing in the toughest tasks yet. Will be great.
Trump: 'I like North Carolina, we are looking at another deal' 
Idiot always forgets to mention that I am suing him to collect the $5M for charity, that he expressly offered.
Good news - is going to fight back against Roves attack on the Tea Party Go get em! 
$5 a gallon gas and we have yet to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline. OPEC is laughing at us.
The many losers and haters never have the brains or stamina to become truly successful!
Too many people rely on auto correct...an assistant of mine apologizes!
Thanks.
Number one rated hotel in Toronto--and getting even better! Best wishes.
Re: Success-- Don't put blinders on and do not limit yourself; reach out, seek and explore. Think big at all times.
I will.
Thanks!
Thanks.
Thanks Jamie. Tune in March 3rd for the new season--you'll love it.
Focus on your goals, work hard and never give up. Good luck!
Thanks Scott..
Thanks Joseph.
Thanks Boris, good luck.
Thanks!
Thanks Tyler.
Thanks Craig!
Dummy who had 11 people show up for 15 min. at his massive rally at Macys is trying to get publicity for self by using me
My ties &amp; shirts at Macys are doing great. Stupid is making people aware of how good they are!
Looks like a lawsuit against GoAngelo wont workmy ties &amp; shirts doing too well at Macys--he's actually helping. I have no damages!
Im really saddened to see that was voted the 4th ugliest celebrity according to 
The Oscar Pistorius disaster is a really interesting story to mea very sad situation for everyone!
My WCNC News interview w/ touring the magnificent Trump National Charlotte course &amp; facilities 
Former winner returns to All-Star March 3rd on Bret shows once again why he is a champion!
I had amazing time in Charlotte. Great people &amp; many new friends. I look forward to coming back very soon. Congrats to Gavin &amp; Staff.
I am hearing that Digital Director is doing great work expanding and modernizing social media. Good - we need it.
Despite all the statements to the contrary, Obamas policies will increase taxes on everyone Enjoy!
Thanks.
Go Angelo failed and gave up - now wants more p.r. - loser!
Thanks and good luck!
Thanks Paul.
Thanks Piers, you helped make it so!
Thanks.
A toy next to The Apprentice - just a friday fill in!
Thanks.
Thanks.
Thanks.
Thanks.
That's why you're a failure!
Wow, Macy's numbers just in-Trump is doing better than ever - thanks for your great support!
Thanks.
Thanks.
Thanks.
Thanks.
Art of the Deal.
Thanks Michael.
Thanks Alan.
Thanks.
Thanks.
Great.
Thanks Jenny.
O.K. write me.
Thanks.
Thanks Sandy.
Thanks.
Thanks, great.
., you were excellent on Howard Stern...thanks for the nice comments about my kids...yours are winners also!
John McCain had a really hard time with his town hall meeting on immigration. They really went after him!
If you think we have a problem with Social Security and Medicare now, try taking in millions of new citizens all at once.
Hi Robert--good luck.
Only 10 more days until the premiere of All-Star On March 3rd at 9PM EST the fireworks return to the Board Room!
Twitter will soon be irrelevant if lowlifes are so easily able to hack into accounts.
Interesting article by : WHY ROVE AND STEVENS ARE PLAIN WRONG 
Congrats to Miss Universe 2011 &amp; great on their engagement! I am very happy for you both.
China is not our friend. They are not our ally. They want to overtake us, and if we dont get smart and tough soon, they will.
... It is all about incorporating a sense of optimism into everything you do while also acknowledging the negative. - Think Big
Positive thinking is not merely wishful thinking...
Drew Peterson just got 36 years for killing his wife - bring back the death penalty!
A Hall.
I've just done a major Dateline for NBC - March 3rd just ahead of Apprentice.
... Will be there front &amp; center along with the 70 greatest players in the world. WGC-Championship
Enjoyed my visit to Trump Doral in Miami yesterday. Looking forward to returning for the WGC-Championship on March 6th-10th...
The PGA tour just extended my Trump Doral contract for WGC for ten years.
Vince McMahon and I hold the all-time ratings &amp; pay-per-view record in the history of wrestling.
... Doesnt seem like they have a coherent strategy right now.
For the Republicans to have any success these next two years, they must have a long game plan...
...then he who continues the attack wins. - Ulysses S. Grant
In every battle there comes a time when both sides consider themselves beaten...
Thanks!
Thanks!
Good idea.
Thanks Joe.
Lance Armstrong is now being sued by Fed Govt-what was he thinkking?
I will be ontonight at 10 P.M. Now I know she will get great ratings!
I hope so!
Thanks.
Thanks Bill!
It will be great.
I hope Oprah gives Lance Armstrong 100 million dollars because that's what that ridiculous interview will cost him!
True.
Next Sunday!
Big response to my Tea Party statement-remember they were never fully energized by Romney campaign and will have far more power with time.
Why didn't movie Lincoln use Ford's Theater for big scene instead of the stage of an unrelated theater?
I'm saying that the Tea Party, perhaps by another name, will soon have another big moment- and will be a major factor in victory!
By popular demand, I will be tweeting on the very tainted Academy Awards tonight!
wow Timmy;thanks..
Thanks.
How do you like Seth and Oscars so far?
Thanks Scott.
Sorry, I never went bankrupt and don't wear a wig (it's all mine)!
The Oscar broadcast is really boring - where is the glamour and beauty?
In April - thanks.
Great and thanks.
...Overall, the Academy Awards were very average at best.
How did you like Michelle Obamas bangs last night?
Why do losers &amp; haters always say I wear a wig when they know I dont. Like it or not, its all minejust ask Barbara Walters.
Whenever one of the morons say I wear a wig, stop reading because they have no credibility &amp; just hate.
Very good!
Thanks and good luck!
Thanks Roxanne.
.... It is a very effective &amp; commonly used business tool.
People buy deals &amp; immediately put them into bankruptcy in order to make better deals..
Almost every major dealmaker has used the bankruptcy laws as a business tool...
Speaker John Boehner, who I like, should never have agreed to raise taxes because the Republicans got absolutely nothing for it!
The media is so in the tank for Obama that it is amazingthe funny thing is, he cant stand them!
...So far, he has been a complete failure at doing so. He should read The Art of the Deal and use his energy to focus on a new career.
An individual, whose whole career is trying to take down successful celebrities with nonsense campaigns, has turned his attention to me.....
Thanks--the big question is why!
Thanks.
My interview discussing why the sequestration cuts are necessary, our $17T national debt &amp; 2016 election 
My re: the sequestration, failure of leadership in DC, China playing us &amp; taking over in 2016 
Obama is making speeches excoriating the Republicans, and they never answer back. Why arent they fighting?
Must read column by Bob Woodward explaining how Obama pushed for sequestration &amp; promised no tax increase 
The $85B sequester is just 2% of Obama's $3.5T record deficit spending budget. Our leaders are ruining our children's future.
The countdown is on. The 13th season of All-Star premieres this Sunday March 3rd at 9PM EST on Big!
Our leaders are terrible. The government spends over $50B a day. It cant find cuts for less than 2 days of spending?! Sad!
... &amp; all Obama is concerned about stopping them doing is buying wind farms 
China is buying gas fields in Texas &amp; stealing our corporate secrets...
Thanks.
Thanks.
Thanks.
Thanks.
The United States better address China's exchange rate before they steal our country and it is too late! China is laughing at us.
No!
My honor!
Great!
Thanks.
Thanks.
Thanks.
Thanks.
RT : Thanks for all the inspirational quotes. Helping encourage this young entrepreneur. :)
... Also, if theyre at home who the hell knows what theyre doing (a second job maybe).
When employees are working at home they can never have the same cohesivness as working together as a group...
A certain whack job, Go Angelo, who doesn't have a life- spends his time hopelessly attacking me re: Macy's....
Thanks Go Angelo, people are now really aware of my ties, shirts, and cuff links at Macy's-
... at Madison Square Garden followed by a ceremony with 80,000 people at MetLife Stadium, Wrestlemania.
It is a great honor for me to be inducted into the Hall of Fame. This will take place on April 6...
One of the reasons, I assume, I was inducted into the Hall of Fame is that Vince McMahon and I have the all time highest ratings...
I will be on tonight. Always have a good time with Now we know he will get high ratings tonight.
Be passionate about your work, focus, and never give up.
Just a few more days until the 13th season of All-Star premieres. Be sure to tune in this Sunday at 9PM on Big!
You have to feel bad for the Democrat Senators. They dont want Hagel either. Just following Obamas orders.
must be doing something right if, sadly rated the 4th ugliest celebrity according to, is attacking him.
Looking forward to the at Trump Doral next week, 3.6.-3.10. Cant wait to meet the attendees. #WGCDoral
Wind turbines are a disaster!
On Jimmy Fallon tonight.
Why doesBill O'Reilly keep putting Karl Rove on his show-a total waste of time. Rove spent $400, 000, 000 and didn't win a race-pathetic!
Jimmy Fallon show will be great tonight - I'm on!
I'll bet Jimmy Fallon gets great ratings tonight!
Will be on Howard Stern at 6.45 A.M. and the Today Show at 8.00 A.M.
Great and thanks.


Just did Howard Stern Show-great time. Now doing The Today Show with Ivanka. ENJOY!
Heading over toand Michael re. Apprentice!
Thanks Bryon.
.the next time you have a rally s, try getting 12 people instead of 11it would be much more effective!
Sunday March 3rd on at 9 PM EST
Thanks Kim.
Thanks Laura--found out your twitter!
They usually put the leftovers on Friday, like Shark Tank.
I win, no contest!
..Guy in front asked for picture- said he was the biggest fan, never saw the guy in back.
Was photo bombed yesterday by a wise guy when I left the set of 
Great news - has fully recovered and will be back on this coming Monday. Barbara is wonderful!
My interview with discussing the new season of All-Star 
Everyone loves TVs darling But wait until you see her tough &amp; competitive side in the upcoming !
Great architect!
Made a mistake but will recover.
Great! Just won five-star ratings for hotel and restaurant from Forbes Travel Guide.
Thanks and good luck.
Hopefully he will not destroy Scotland.
Is everything ok over there ? I actually got some good press from them today.
My interview w/ on discussing bangs &amp; All-Star !
My show interview with discussing the fierce competition in All-Star 
What is wrong with the ? Now they want to give all authority on the sequester cuts to Obama Pathetic.
Thanks.
Thanks Scott.
Excellent.
Fantastic.
Interesting.
There is none.
I will.
Isnt it ironic that President Obama, of all people, is pushing for universal background checks?!'
Not much!
Thanks Davis.
... the ratings of Shark Tank. Everyone was hitting on me until the numbers came inand nowdead silence!
How come nobody mentions that the Nielsen Ratings of the Apprentice, after 12 seasons-- as shown by Howard Stern --totally blow away...
Karl Roves stupid ad made Ashley Judd hotnow everybody is talking about her.
Karl Roves ads are the worst in political history!
and me at a press event for All-Star earlier today at 
Happy Birthday.
This Sunday, March 3rd, at 9 PM EST on 
Thanks Gaby.
True!
Wrong--not even close!
Thank you.
Thanks and good luck.
To succeed, one must be creative and persistent. - John H. Johnson
Swing hard.
Be sure to watch The History of WrestleMania on My interview explains how I supported the event early on. I'm proud of it.
Everyone is excited for s return to All-Star Be warned, this time Gary is even more insane!
Remember, no one ever said success was easy.Good luck doesnt come overnight.But if u work hard &amp; love it, u will find success &amp; luck.
Over the years, I've discovered that for a brand to build, the people surrounding it have to work exceptionally well together.
You havent seen fireworks until you see &amp; go at it again! Lets just say its no happy reunion
Thanks Tessa.
Thank you.
Are you a Democrat running in a race you should lose? Get to run an ad against you and you will win.
Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail.--Ralph Waldo Emerson
Thanks Jacqueline.
Thank you.
Good work, Pam.
Thanks Rob and good luck.
Thank you - so nice.
Thanks Matthew!

Thanks, enjoy!
Remember, this Sunday I am also featured on at 8PM, right before the premiere of All-Star likes me!
Newly minted diplomat is a completely different competitor in All-Star Dennis is a legend!
Continued success is built on building a brand people know will deliver. Unless youre Then you just blame the Tea Party.
We should leave Afghanistan immediately. No more wasted lives. If we have to go back in, we go in hard &amp; quick. Rebuild the US first.
Today marks the one year anniversary of s passing. Andrews mission &amp; legacy still lives on. 
Only the Obama WH can get away with attacking Bob Woodward.
Thanks Rose.
Stay confident even when something bad happens. It is just a bump in the road. It will pass. - Think Big
Champion loves being on the other side of the table in the Boardroom. She leaves no punches out in !
If people knew how hard I worked to get my mastery, it wouldn't seem so wonderful at all. --Michelangelo
Thanks Kayla, enjoy.
RT : Get ready, fans! promises plenty of mean and nasty action.. 
Thank you - very nice (and true)!
Everyone should cancel HBO until they fire low life dummy Bill Maher! Get going now and feel good about yourself!
GREAT!
Remember, Bill Maher praised the animals who took down the World Trade Center and was fired by ABC. DROPuntil dopey Bill is canned!
Thanks!
Thanks Kevin.Trump Doral will soon be the best in the U.S.
Thanks Vincent!
Thanks.
Thanks Matt.
Thanks Rich.
Thanks.
True and thanks John!
Allen and Gail - you will like it - see you both soon!
Losers and haters are invited to watch Celebrity Apprentice along with the many great and productive people in the hope that you will learn.
Losers and haters,even you, as low and dumb as you are, can learn from watching Apprentice and checking out my tweets-you can still succeed!
How does this cast look to you? Pretty amazing. #CelebApprentice
I always believed was making a mistake in coming back as a competitor. I disagree with him but... 
I cant believe he would choose as his first choice! She is hard to handle. #CelebApprentice
and really hate each other. #CelebApprentice
is definitely different. #CelebApprentice
must be thinking of North Korea. #CelebApprentice
are both wonderful people. Their show is terrific. #CelebApprentice
as a cashier- a big mistake by #CelebApprentice
Even is impressed by #CelebApprentice
Paul Teutul is always good on the show. #CelebApprentice
is right- he won the show because I know how to play the game. #CelebApprentice
So, what did you think of my decision? What would you have done? #CelebApprentice
I will be doing Fox and Friends at 7 A.M. this morning.
Brande would have been fired immediately if she didn't raise $132,000, a really large sum. Bret, on the other hand, raised very little...
My interview re: firing on the premiere of All-Star &amp; politics 
Glad everyone could see Mar-a-Lago last night on It is the crown jewel of Palm Beach.
China has announced it is fully prepared for a currency war Outrageous - they have no fear of our leaders.
If you want to be successful at anything in life, you have to be able to handle pressure. - Think Big
1. Each week, you the audience can choose an MVP among the celebrities using Twitter...
Thanks Mary.
Matt--Hope you will have a Happy Birthday.
For those of you defending Bret and saying Omarosa should go remember Bret chose O which could also be considered a big mistake!
To show you how dishonest some of the press is, they took my funny &amp; (cont) 
Heading to Trump National Doral to check the progress prior to the start of the Cadillac Championship on Thursday. Ill be there all week
Rory, Tiger, Phil and Ernie will be fun to watch this weekend at Trump National Doral.
Thanks Sven and good luck.
Remember--the worst thing you can do in a negotiation is seem desperate to make the deal.
If you love what you're doing, motivation is never a problem.
Just arrived at Trump National Doral, saying hello to all the great players. This place is amazing.Come Thursday &amp; see for yourselves!
Happy Birthday Tiffany.
When youre at a meeting, monitor your behavior and work at being an observer - of yourself and others. - Think Like a Billionaire
Its important to promote an image of yourself each and every day. Its part of having a sense of self and a sense of purpose.
Thanks Michael.
It is my great honor to be speaking at CPAC 2013. They are all about what's good for America.
I wish him the best of luck.
Dateline NBC, featuring yours truly, just set a season high in households in the ratingsno wonder NBC likes me so much! 
RT : WHAT?! is speaking at #CPAC2013? This conference just became, like, a hundred times more awesome!
hope you enjoyed the premiere of All-Star Celebrity Make sure watches!
Its been great making so many new friends at Trump for the Good luck to everyone!
My interview w/ re: &amp; my $200M of future renovations invested in Trump 
Good subject, good luck!
Thanks Jessica.
Thank you.
Thanks Raul.
Good to hear, enjoy!
John Heilemann, the lightweight reporter begging to be onjoe, looks like a timebomb waiting to explode-he's a nervous and sad mess!
I don't know why but I feel so sorry for dummy reporter John Heilemann when I watch him on television.
Thanks.
Great!
Good luck!
Good thing to remember.
Good goal.
Thanks, good choice &amp; good luck.
Image is important and speaks more than the words or fine print that goes along with the product. - Midas Touch
Donald Trump, Rory McIlroy and Matt Kuchar are guys to watch at 
The WGC leadership board is available here: 
Last year, it was Tiger Woods with the walk-off #TrumpDoral
Trump to Speak at CPAC #CPAC13
Thanks Becky.
Agree--thanks!
Golf is a brain game &amp; is a great way to improve your business skills. Concentration,assessment, technique &amp; passion...it's all there.
You have to be patient as well as enthusiastic when it comes to your goals. Think big, but be realistic. - Think Big
Be prepared to go it alone--being an entrepreneur is not, initially, a group effort. Keep your focus. Read Midas Touch.
Follow Trump s WGC leadership board here at 
Good luck.
Surprise - China has spies throughout NASA stealing our R&amp;D When will we ever make them pay for espionage?
ACU ANNOUNCES DONALD TRUMP TO ADDRESS CPAC 2013 
Resolve to be bigger than your problems. Whos the boss? Realize that fear is the exact opposite of faith.
Get the big picture but be prepared for the picture to change. Be persistent and alert every single day.
How much is South Korea paying the U.S. for protection against North Korea???? NOTHING!
That was some episode last week-we've got a great cast!
Bret had a target on his back from the get go...
Trace and his team raised an amazing amount of $. Looks like a good season for charities.
Omarosa always promises and delivers high drama...
Firing Bret was a tough one for me-but Omarosa doesn't seem to mind.
Will Plan B miss Trace?
Will Team Power be able to withstand Omarosa as PM? Smooth sailing is not expected.
My 757 is incredible-I think the teams agree on that.
Which team do you think has the edge in this interactive photo experience task assignment?
Honest Omarosa: she won't backstab-she'll come at you from the front.
Trace delivers check to hospital in NYC: American Red Cross must be grateful to Trace and his team for their tremendous work.
What do you think of Gary's definition of f-u-n?
What?! LaToya is saying Omarosa is one of the nicest people she's met?
Next she says she's being set up by Omarosa to fail....is somebody confused?
Omarosa is very confident that the execs loved her concept &amp; presentation.
Does anyone agree with Marilu that Gary, while 'adorable', is a distraction?
Re Omarosa: Nasty, tough or smart...or all?
Which team is your favorite?
It's true... Dennis is really into this-very animated. I have never seen him this way before.
Re my hair-Should I change it? What do you think?
The losing team is now back in boardroom. I can't discuss the team members or what's going on or what happens from here on out.
Let us never negotiate out of fear, but let us never fear to negotiate.--John F. Kennedy, Inaugural Address, January 1961
If you have built castles in the air, your work need not be lost; that is where they should be. Now put the foundations under them. Thoreau
Brande-- Thank you! You have been a pleasure to work with.
. is a great guy &amp; a total winner! He understood - he did not leave me any other choice. Look forward to keeping in touch.
Between a terrible press conference, mishandled prisoner swap &amp; Taliban attacks, Hagel's 1st trip as SOD was a disaster. No surprise.
According to new employment numbers, 296,000 Americans have dropped out of the work force &amp; gave up looking for work.
Great playing this weekend. You are a true winner. We look forward to having you back to Trump National Doral.
Our economy has had worst recovery under Obama since the Depression. Results of his policies speak for themselves. No new taxes!
Re: Ashley Judd: Keep away. He already made her able candidate.
Glad to hear will be staying on Elizabeth has great presence &amp; doesnt back down from sharing her views.
Congratulations to on celebrating its 25 year anniversary. Great paper under amazing management!
My speech is scheduled Friday at 8:45AM in the Potomac Ballroom. Will also be telecast live on CSPAN &amp; cable news networks.
A note from the fabulous Mark Burnett: Donald, congratulations again, we are #1 in the 10:00pm hour. I am tweeting about it.
Thanks Wilson.
Thanks Spence.
Hamas has warned Pres. Obama not to visit the Temple Mount during his trip to Israel 
Whether you realize it or not, your brand can be many times more valuable than your business. - Midas Touch
...The ads made her look great and now she probably will run.
Ashley Judd's candidacy was created by Karl Rove's terrible ads, even before she thought seriously about running...
Thanks Jeff.
Great!
Thanks Paul - we miss you!
Help fight autism--go to, website for, donations &amp; government activation.
Help save the lives of our troops.Our #vets suffering from TBI/PTS need treatment Donate to 
My best wishes.
Thanks and good luck.
Thanks Mary.
Agreed, they're doing a great job.
Good idea--I wish him luck.
Lines for my address start at 7:00AM outside the Potomac Ballroom. ACU has asked that you get there early. #CPAC2013
The sequester is less than 2% of total 2013 budget. Why cant the WH re-allocate funds and keep the tours open for children? #OpenOurWH
According to new WPOST-ABC poll, Obama has just lost 14 points on public trust with economy
Great and good luck!
Dummy made up a story about a visit to Mar-a-Lago last night on Leno. It never happenedI dont talk that way.
.... Do I get the credit for this? Thank you!
. made a great decision in firing from The show will be better without her!
Thanks.
Good move by in downgrading to a dead weekend spot. This is truly a guy who shouldn't be on tv.
Interview w/ discussing my WH tour offer, terrible ads &amp; Ashley Judd's candidacy 
I love watching dummy promote on ok show named Shark Tankbut he is just a small part of that show.
When had his own show, The Benefactor, it totally bombed!
most likely scenario remains finishing a frustrating ninth in the West 
Really big crowd expected tomorrow morning at # CPAC2013. I look forward to it!
Obama hasn't released a budget in over 2 years &amp; for the 1st time House &amp; Senate delivered budgets before him 
...Those stupid people bought company (of which he owned a piece).
has less TV persona than any other person I can think of. Hes an arrogant, crude, dope who met some very stupid people...
When you think big, you will automatically trigger more details because details are the major component of making anything big.
Press conference after CPAC speech this morning was excellent- lots of very professional reporters.
I watched the last two minutes of the game last night--- I just loved watching them lose.
Trump: The Most Over-rated Man in Politics 
..... He knows I dont respect him.
Boring &amp; failing s 3rd rate political reporter had flunky write a totally false report about me today......
......,, &amp; 
Donald Trump: The View Will be Better without Joy Behar (Video) 
EXCLUSIVE: TRUMP SMACKS BACK AGAINST MEDIA ATTACKS ON CPAC SPEECH by 
TRUMP TO CPAC: BUILD A GREAT ECONOMY 
WHY CAN'T THE MEDIA TELL THE TRUTH - WE WOULD ALL BE SO MUCH BETTER OFF!
I agreed to take the worst spot at CPAC because nobody else wanted it and it was the only time I could be there - it was great fun!
Honest reporters stated that the Prayer Breakfast was going on during my CPAC speech and security was very slow to let people in-long lines!
Thanks for all of the accolades on my speech today - it's all about the truth!
Wow-Record ratings for WGC Cadillac Championship at Trump National Doral's Blue Monster-Most watched in seven years. CONGRATS toWoods
Don't forget to watch Celebrity Apprentice tonight at 9 on NBC - GREAT EPISODE!
Last weeks Dateline, which I hosted, was the highest rated Dateline since January!
Annika - Thanks, you are the GREATEST - We all adore you!
I'll be tweeting live tonight starting at 9PM ET re:Don't worry other time zones, I will give nothing away!
The tournament at Trump National Doral was much more exciting than what is going on now!
.s meltdownwas it for real? thinks she could be an Oscar winner for that performance #CelebApprentice
has another meltdown  while giving a check for $40,000 to Michaels charity, the Sue Duncan Center. #CelebApprentice
And happy to welcome back as an advisor he will have his own show and is doing great. #CelebApprentice
on the cover of Soap Opera Digest? Thats a credential #CelebApprentice
is a bit toxic per Being a bit PC? #CelebApprentice
informs that is a conniving witchis he surprised? Are we surprised? #CelebApprentice
.s emergency has put a new spin on Team Powers presentationbut its not show time yet. #CelebApprentice
.s new name : Ms. Saboteur sounds rather elegant. #CelebApprentice
is not winning points, being called the wicked witch of the Mid-West and most certainly other things. #CelebApprentice
re is right, shes becoming predictable.
True, is a scene stealer without trying. Hes got a gift. #CelebApprentice
I will not be commenting on boardroom specifics- would be unfair to the different time zones. #CelebApprentice
Trump, Most Overrated Man in Politics,Responsible for Ashley Judds Rise 
Trump Tower is open to the public.
. interview discussing a budget deal, my #CPAC2013 speech, &amp; firing 
TRENDING: Trump a right-leaning tower at CPAC by 
Vattenfall, the company behind a proposed asinine windfarm off the coast of Aberdeen, Scotland, is having serious financial difficulty.
Scotland will be so lucky if this monstrosity is not builtI will tie them up in courts for years, if necessary.
played great audio from my press conference on her radio show. Glad she made it!
The Blue Monster is being torn up at Trump On April 1, I go out &amp; play it one more time until the new course opens.
is 1-12 against the Western Conferences top four seeds after Sundays loss &amp; swept the season series.
Great article by explaining why was biggest loser James is sharp.
Sexual pervert &amp; deviant Anthony Weiner is polling to see if he can run for NYC Mayor...
Is Anthony Weiner also delusional? Add him to NY Sex Offender list instead!
Leverage: dont make deals without it. - The Art of the Deal
Apprentice ratings doing great - easily won the 10 o'clock hour over other networks!
Thanks Tanja!
Dan, because I love beating lowlifes!
You are right, he is a total joke - his players laugh at him!
Thank you!
Not even close, dopey!
Stupid, they tried that with The Benefactor and Mark went splat!
But I like picking on losers!
Thanks.
You were fantastic last night on Celebrity Apprentice - everybody loved you!
We just blew it up dummy!
Great!
Golf match? I've won 18 Club Championships including this weekend. swings like a little girl with no power or talent. Mark's a loser
You are correct, but he is so easy!
Bombings all over Iraq today.That country is falling apart-such a horrible waste of lives and 1.5 trillion dollars (and I told you so!).
WHO IS GOING TO GET IRAQ'S OIL???????
is so short off the tee he can't have much of a punch. He's just a weak man with a big mouth!
Thanks!
Thanks!
is rightthe Republicans lost because they werent conservative enoughor tough enough.
played 3 separate audio bites (the most of anyone) of my CPAC speech. Hour 3 in Friday's show.
I was sorry to decline headlining the Reagan Dinner last Saturday due to a prior business commitment. Pres. Reagan was one of the greats.
Re: CPAC The crowd in the main room filled to capacity by the end of Trumps address, something his operative said he planned to do...
is a really dumb guy(and I know him well)thats why he works swimmingly with our leaders in Washington.
.s ratings are so pathetic, she even loses to at 7PM which is replay of 5PM 
It was great having back on this week's ! 
l still think should just bite the bullet &amp; get rid of the new batteries in the 787. Those batteries will always be a problem!
For beauty and flight, Ill take the 757 over the 787 any day!
should have stayed at CNBCshe was never smart, but people liked her. Jeff Zuckers got problems!
became a super liberal Obama fan only because he must need the money--and on thats the way it is.
That's why I'll never be Pope!
True!
Thanks.
Why do shows have Ntl Hispanic Chair for the losing McCain 08 &amp; Huntsman 12. Shes a loser who doesnt deliver votes.
Amnesty is suicide for Republicans.Not one of those 12 million who broke our laws will vote Republican.Obama is laughing at 
10 yrs ago today, the Iraq war began. 4,485 of our nations finest have not returned home alive. Iran will soon control Iraq &amp; its oil.
Hi Colby.
Yes and thanks.
If youre sitting in an office working in a job you hate, then its time to THINK BIG and plan your next step
Congratulations to MK on being offered Deputy Defense Minister of IDF by 
Passion motivates. Passionate people don't give up; their zeal eliminates fear. Passion can also create business opportunities.
Mark, okay with me but don't start your bullshit again!
Emily--true and thanks.
I have none!
Thanks Metalchick!
Thanks Seth!
Thanks Michael!
Hi Chris!
Yes and best wishes.
very small audience is shrinking rapidly because people finally understand that he is very very dumb!
., According to the Pros just named Trump National Golf Club, Philadelphia, the #1 private club. Thanks!
I remained strong for during his difficult period. He rewarded me (and himself) by winning at Trump National Doral.
Donald Trump Takes on Apple 
just announced that all 1 hour episodes are being expanded to 2 hoursits amazing what good ratings will do!
John was great--everybody misses him. Best wishes.
Thanks Jason.
Thanks Jaynie.
Thank you.
Its a shame to hear that the is failing. No one wants the paper, even if it is being handed out for free.
Chester--unreal.
Trump, by far!
... Thats why so many huge deals are closed on a golf course. - TRUMP 101
Playing golf with business associates creates a relaxing atmosphere where everyone has fun...
The NFL has just barred ball carriers from using helmet as contact. What is happening to the sport? The beginning of the end.
Happy Birthday.
. s XXIX less than 3 weeks away. Looking forward to being inducted into the Hall of Fame!
Shocker: study reveals that is completely biased while is factual What a surprise!
Thanks--and good luck.
. is smart and strategic. People should cut her some slack and respect the way she works on 
My shirts, ties &amp; suits (and fragrance, Success) are doing great -- go over &amp; check out Macys nowbeautiful new selection!
Great and thanks.
Very nice!
Thanks.
... It is very effective and a commonly used business tool.
People buy deals &amp; immediately put them into bankruptcy in order to make better deals...
... Icahn, Kravis, Apollo and most others--but nobody says they went bankrupt!
Almost every major dealmaker has used the bankruptcy laws as a business tool...
For the haters, out of hundreds of deals or transactions, I have used the bankruptcy laws 4 times in order to cut better deals.
Haters, stop saying I went bankrupt, it is not so. I never went bankrupt...
The will be broadcast tonight on at 9 PM.
Celebrity Apprentice on CNBC tonight at 9.
Celebrity Apprentice on in 5 minutes on CNBC - it's great!
Great going!
It wont stay a buyers market forever. If you can, take advantage and buy property asap. Youll thank me!
Yes, All-Star contestant is a little out there. But he uses his uniqueness to his advantage.
Heres something about Donald Trump, hes got a top rated show on TV and everything he says becomes a headline.- All true!
Problem with is not their message, its that they are incapable of controlling the message.
There wont be any new gun legislation. No surprise. Americans support the 2nd amendment.
The difference between stupidity and genius is that genius has its limits. - Albert Einstein
See yourself as an organization. Pay attention to every facet of your life. Whats strong? Whats weak? Whats missing?
Pay attention, study more than what is required, keep your focus on the big picture. And good luck.
You were born stupid!
Very nice Chris--thanks!
When I think big, which is often, you can be sure Im aware of the enormous amount of little things that we will have to account for.
Thank you.
This Sunday's All-Star features some of the biggest fireworks of the entire season. Get ready.
Watching the madness in Cyprus? If our government keeps spending trillion dollar deficits, that could happen here.
is ranked the top course in the West If you're in the area, book a round today.
Wow - they are really killing Jay Leno - let him go out with dignity!
True Michael!
Thank you - a great compliment!
Thanks Brian!
Celebrity Apprentice tonight at 9 on NBC - some amazing things happen!
I will be tweeting live tonight during Celebrity Apprentice - 9 o'clock on NBC!
&amp; are not likely to become friends -ever! #CelebApprentice
.s mother thinks Im very handsome. Now I see where Stephen and Alec get their smarts. #CelebApprentice
Always good to have back as advisor as well as They have their own fan clubs at this point. #CelebApprentice
thinks is ping-ponging all over the place. Do you agree? #CelebApprentice
admitting shes a threat in the boardroom- thats not revelation knowledge. #CelebApprentice
With on top of the truck the crowd definitely buzzed. #CelebApprentice
They should have got Darrell Hammond as the Donald Trump impersonator. #CelebApprentice
What team would you choose to win? #CelebApprentice
People ask about She is actually a VP of Marketing at the Trump Organization. #CelebApprentice
Thats Adrian in the elevator he works at &amp; hes got a lot of stories. #CelebApprentice
Adrian also gives autographs if you stop by the lobby of #CelebApprentice
What did you think of my decision? #CelebApprentice
Last nights All-Star once again showed why the ultimate onus lies with the project manager. The buck stops there.
Uh oh &amp; once again reunite in the Board Room in next weeks All-Star Fireworks!
Its springtime and it just started snowing in NYC. What is going on with global warming?
They changed the name from global warming to climate change after the term global warming just wasnt working (it was too cold)!
Donald Trump to visit metro Detroit in May 
She is a fabulous woman!
Thank you Nadine!
2 decades in the conservative movement and look where the conservatives are now--you're fired!
You may be right!
Cyprus is seizing private bank accounts as collateral for 10bn bail-out. We owe $17T. Think it cant happen here?
Even the liberal CRS is now reporting Obama Care will cause 200% premium increases Surprised? 
Thanks Chuck.
Thanks, I appreciate it.
Thank you.
I hope everyone enjoyed Palm Sunday!
Obama has now become the weakest POTUS against China, yuan just hit record high against dollar Very sad!
...Re: China--I told you that a long time ago. 
After decades of our leaders allowing China to steal our jobs &amp; R&amp;D, the Chinese will overtake America in 2016...
Very good Joel!
For all of my many Jewish friends, Happy Passover.
Great--good luck.
The off shore Aberdeen wind farm site is experimental &amp; has no track record delivering energy. 
FLASHBACK: Alex Salmond pleaded with Donald Trump to back release of Lockerbie bomber...
...and now Alex Salmond pushes ugly turbines!
This is from someone who knows they are a disaster.
When someone can discourage you, you probably aren't determined enough. Be resolute. That's what it takes to get things done.
Many people look at successful people &amp; don't see anything but the end result. They don't see all the work that went into getting there.
Many of friends were quick to abandon him in his time of crisis. Now Tiger knows who he can count on.
Sometimes we do things to build up experience and stamina to prepare, but it's to prepare us for something bigger.
Great - call me, we'll get you on!
The new selection of ties, shirts and suits at Macy's is amazing - also available in Trump Tower lobby.
In case you missed it, last week's interview with discussing Tiger Woods &amp; much more 
Last night's 's interview by of gorgeous 2012 Great job!
Interesting and often true!
Thank you.
Thanks Bobby.
continues to do important work for Childrens Research Hospital. I am very proud of philanthropy.
Less than two weeks until s XXIX. v. willbe epic! Excited to be inducted into the Hall of Fame.
To all journalists, look into the financial dealings of Scottish Parliament members with VattenfallFollow the money.
Aberdeenshire coast is spectacular. Its historic value &amp; wildlife will be tarnished if these wind turbines are built--but they won't be!
Getting ready to do the David Letterman tonightI hope you all will watchI think!
Fantastic food--thanks.
Blackdog folks are very smart--their home values &amp; lives will be destroyed.
RT Ask our Canadian neighbors who abhor the windfarms. And poor Scotland
... to build a wind farm and destroy this view!
RT just sitting here looking out over Aberdeen bay. These clowns cannot be allowed...
Going on Letterman now - let me know what you think - how did I do? Here we go!
Trump Signature mattress is from Serta - the best there is! Thanks
Rambling and stumbling is as dumb as a rock!
My father, Fred C. Trump.
Thanks Anthony.
Practice positive thinkingthis will keep you focused while weeding out anything that is unnecessary, negative or detrimental...
Employees of should have their resumes updated. It is very boring &amp; will die in the near future. How much are they losing now?
Adam Moss, editor in chief of is quickly losing his reputation in that has become so boring and so irrelevant.
Thanks for all the nice comments about the last night. I enjoyed it and David enjoyed the ratings. 
- New York Magazine sucks - lifeless and dead - one of the most boring out there. Get it now, it won't last long!
We blow up the famous Blue Monster at Trump National Doral on.Monday in order to build a spectacular new, bigger, and better Blue Monster!
Take the time to be thorough in whatever you undertake. Remain open to new ideas. Remain fluid, not fixed, in your expectations.
Everybody should contribute &amp; fight in the long haul battle against autism. 
This weeks All-Star Celebrity features another memorable Board Room rumble between &amp; 
Find out who and what is the best in your field. Identify the trendsetters, leaders and authorities. Learn the standards they follow.
Have a great Good Friday and a Happy Easter.
Current really sad, not only boring but highly inaccurate. Use better paper product - looks like a death march (which it is!).
Thank you GLN!
Not recent, long term support for the autism community.
North Korea is reliant on China. China could solve this problem easily if they wanted to but they have no respect for our leaders.
What do we get from our economic competitor South Korea for the tremendous cost of protecting them from North Korea? - NOTHING!
We have tremendous economic power over China if our leaders knew how to use it, which they don't! China's economy would collapse without us.
No, I'm saying that the World is paying the price for China's pollution while they make a fortune with their dirty factories! Very sad.
Have a GREAT EASTER, I love you all!
I hope everyone, or rather almost everyone, had a GREAT EASTER! We need our leaders to make great and wise decisions in these troubled times
on CPW in NYC is the home of the globe that has become an icon in the city. #CelebApprentice
Read about how this hotel came into being in my book Never Give Upits quite a story. #CelebApprentice 
continues to do important work for Childrens Research Hospital. I am very proud of philanthropy.
Great boardroom! What did you think? #CelebApprentice
It was my great honor to defend on last nighthe has come a long way and for the good!
In standing by I was also representing many people who have addiction problems &amp; are working hard to come back.
.s insane release of the terroristfor humanitarian reasons--will go down as a better decision..
All-Star Celebrity Apprentice is #1 in the time period among ABC, CBS and NBC in 18-49 and all other key demosNielsen Ratings
Archive:DONALD TRUMP'S GREATEST MOMENTS When I shaved McMahon's head in XXIII
&amp; : Vaccine court awards millions to two autistic children damaged by vaccine 
Sacrificing our nations bravest for ungrateful Iraqis = great for China. China is taking majority of the oil 
The should immediately stop paying A-Rodhe signed his contract without telling them he was a druggie.
In the 10:30 PM ET lead-in to local news, delivered a 31 percent margin of victory...
With the impending crisis in Korea, is it a big confidence builder that Chuck Hagel is Sec. of Defense? Elections have consequences.
China has control over North Korea!
The Yuan hit another record high against the Dollar. China is laughing at our expense.
is a liberal hack whose career is being laid to rest Here Moyers coddles 
In this time of economic turmoil where millions of Americans are unemployed, our tax dollars are paying big salary!
I ask again, how much is very wealthy South Korea paying the United States for protecting it against North Korea?
sucks - very bland and boring with no future or hope - just like (and many others).
Celebrity Apprentice on tonight - CNBC at 9
The basketball coach at Rutgers looks bad but I had a coach who made him look like a baby - coaches can be tough!
I played football and baseball, sorry, but said to be the best bball player in N.Y. State-ask coach Ted Dobias-said best he ever coached.
We should look to China where big time pollution takes place as they manufacture inefficient and costly wind turbines for Scotland!
Relax &amp; clear your mind if someone is speaking, so that youre receptive to what theyre saying. - Roger Ailes, You are the Message
Obama just bought the Afghan Police $288M in ammo Make no mistake, some of these will be shot at our troops.
Re: Negotiation: View any conflict as an opportunity. Be a diplomat as much as possible.
Negotiation: Think about what the other side wants. Know where theyre coming from. Don't underestimate them. Create a win/win situation.
Remember, Celebrity Apprentice tonight on CNBC at 9. Amazing episode - watch Omarosa get the boot!
I have a gift for my loyal viewers of All-Star, Mrs. debut on this weeks episode 
Looking forward to inducting me into Hall of Fame this Saturday in #WWEHOF #WrestleMania
RT : Her beauty lives 5,000 miles past Heaven. Thank u !
I have gotten to know many Spanish speaking people as the owner of Trump National Doral in Miami. They are smart, hard working and great
Jobs report is really bad - beyond the worst projections.A bad day on Wall Street!
Very excitingtomorrow night at Madison Square Garden I get inducted into the Hall of Fame.
James Holmes, the Aurora, Colorado guy who killed 12 people &amp; injured 58 others, is fighting hard to avoid the death penalty...
RT : Check out my May Redbook magazine cover. Very exciting! #Redbook 
This Sundays All-Star Celebrity has the most beautiful boardroom judges ever w/ &amp; together!
Sunday night at 9 PM EST will be re-run of last week's episode of Celebrity, followed by new episode at 10 PM.
The great question is not whether you have failed, but whether you are content with failure. - Laurence J. Peter
Okay--hi Maria!
Thanks Basil.
I will be On The Record with Greta Van Susteren tonight at 10 PM on Fox News.
Thanks Mark.
Thank you.
Wow!
Either is great.
Starting next week the show increases to 2 hours.
Original schedule but going back to two hours.
Spent full day with contractors at Trump National Doral - it will be amazing! 
I am doing On the Record With Greta Van Susteren at 10 P.M. on Fox. We will be talking about the bad economy and other subjects of interest!
Great going Ricardo!
I'm getting ready to be inducted tonight into the WWE Hall of Fame at Madison Square Garden - a great honor for me and the Trump family!
Lili will call you - thanks and good luck!
Our President must be very careful with the 28 year old wack job in North Korea. At some point we may have to get very tough-blatant threats
When is South Korea going to start paying us for the massive amounts of money we are spending to protect them from the North?
China is pushing North Korea!
Celebrity Apprentice is rebroadcasting last weeks episode at 9 P.M. WITH A GREAT NEW EPISODE FEATURING TRUMP AT 10 P.M. - AMAZING!
Starting next week, and by popular demand (plus good ratings) NBC will broadcast only two hour episodes of Celebrity Apprentice at 9 P.M.
Dennis Rodman is a project manager tonight on Celebrity Apprentice - watch Dennis in full action!
Im at tonight but will be doing a few tweets. I know the episode well.... #CelebApprentice
The #CelebApprentice post Will it ever be the same?
and as PMs- Im proud of Dennis and his performance this season. #CelebApprentice
It appears that is entranced with - and rightly so! #CelebApprentice
What do you think so far? #CelebApprentice
The boardroom and - I'm watching great entertainment tonight! #CelebApprentice
will be on today at 11am ET discussing #celebapprentice &amp; her skin care collection. Tune in!
Have a happy one!
interview re: North Korea, firing, job report, s debut &amp; 
Thanks --is an amazing guy.
My interview re: the dismal job report, getting ripped off by South Korea, 2016 election &amp; #WWEHOF 
Margaret Thatcher was the Iron Lady of the West. She promoted freedom &amp; democracy---a great leader &amp; ally of America.
Think positively. There are always opportunities. Keep your focus and don't give up!
I just left in Charlottesville,Virginia --- it is the finest in the country--- really incredible!
Here I am with and erictrump presenting the WGC Trophy to Tiger Woods at 
Follow me on Instagram- 
Thanks!
Thanks Eddie I really appreciate your nice words!
It was great seeing at the #WWEHOF. 
Watch me get inducted into the #WWEHOF tonight at 10PM on USA. I will be posting exclusive behind the 
Yea, NBC has increased all remaining Celebrity Apprentice episodes to two hours starting at 9 P.M. on Sunday! Amazing show.
was terrific. #WWEHOF 
Watching the show. #WWEHOF 
Always nice to see the terrific at the #WWEHOF. 
Vince McMahon shows the crowd one of the greatest moments in WWE History. #WWEHOF 
Making my speech. #WWEHOF 
Family group shot. #WWEHOF 
Watching get inducted from the sold out crowd. #WWEHOF. 
Fellow inductee and me. #WWEHOF 
Talking with backstage- #WWEHOF
With fellow inductees in front of the sold out crowd at MSG. #WWEHOF 



Thanks!
Why did Vince and the WWE give my speech and segment the most time last night on USA Network - because that's what people want to see!
Sorry losers and haters, but I LOVED the great energy in Madison Square Garden during my speech. The WWE thought it was incredible - it was!
I hope everyone (especially the haters and losers) goes to Macy's today and buys some DJT ties, shirts and suits-and SUCCESS Fragrance-love!
My interview w/ discussing her debut on &amp; her skin care line 
Thanks!
Thanks!
Thank you!
I discuss South Korea in today's all new #TrumpVlog - 
Success breeds success. The best way to impress people is through results. - Think Like a Billionaire
Sexual pervert Anthony Weiner has zero business holding public office.
You cannot push anyone up the ladder unless he is willing to climb. - Andrew Carnegie
Thanks!
Great!
I feel so badly for Mark Cuban-the Dallas Mavericks were just eliminated from the playoffs and his partners are pissed. Very sad!
Not much, it's too easy!
Thanks.
Wonderful news, thanks.
RT Margaret Thatcher NEVER would have allowed those wind mill monstrosities.
Go for the jugular so that people watching will not want to mess with you. - Think Big
Congratulations to and Jared on the big news. I will have yet another grandchild this fall!
I really liked everyone at the Hall of Fame ceremony--fantastic people!
Greatly appreciate your nice words re WrestleMania. Thats why you are such a respected writer.
The time has come. THEGaryBusey will be project mgr on this Sunday's All-Star Celebrity MUST SEE TV!!! Back to 2 hrs.
#TBT,,, and I 20 years ago- 
Obamas budget spends $2B making our navy ships algae-powered The strong world is laughing at us.
Mr. President, it is time to lead on the Korean crisis. Make a statement from the Rose Garden and send a strong message to the man child!
Interested is interesting. If you remember that simple rule, you will have no trouble making conversation.- Think Like a Billionaire
Probably Mark.
I hope so!
Thank you.
I can't believe we are not asking South Korea for anything. They make a fortune on us while we spend a fortune defending them-how stupid!
Don't talk to me about Bush, I was never a defender or a fan!
has increased to 2 hours until the end of the season--full 2 hour episodes starting at 9 PM EST
All eyes are on Hes in good position!
is Hawaiis top luxury hotel &amp; destination. Each room features stunning views &amp; superb amenities 
RT - one would think the photo &amp; caption - says it all.... 
China controls North Korea. So now besides cyber hacking us all day, they are using the Norks to taunt us. China is a major threat.
Where is the President? It is time for him to come on TV and show strength against the repeated threats from North Korea -- and others.
Be up front and direct with people, and they will return the favor. - Think Like a Billionaire
My performance from last week on David Letterman will be re-aired tonight at 11:35 PM on CBS.
Remember to take time this weekend to relax and regroup. It will pay major dividends for the next week.
True.
Turbines destroy environments and people.
Turbines will kill more birds than hunters.
Thanks.
I talk about Obamacare in today's #TrumpVlog- 
Our country should be worried about nuclear control far more than gun control--&amp; that one's not even close!
I only speak the truth.
China will only rule if we let them--or are stupid.
I am on David Letterman tonight.
Ridiculous that they gave the 14 year old golfer from China a one stroke penalty for slow play at The Masters(see, I can stick up for China)
What a shame that Kobe Bryant was so badly injured last night - a truly great champion who brought the Lakers back from oblivion this year!
Bad break for -hits a great shot which hits the pin and kicks into the water-gets a bogey on hole with another great shot-Champ!
Also true!
Remember, save your evening to watch Celebrity Apprentice tonight at 9 - increased to a full two hours - great episode - watch Gary B.
Good luck!
is a great guy and player!
Make sure to watch Celebrity Apprentice tonight at 9 on NBC. A GREAT SHOW, JUST LIKE THE MASTERS. 9
Great job - you deserve it!
- I am really proud of you Adam - I'll see you soon at Trump National Doral!
as Project Manager... is Team Power in trouble?? #CelebApprentice
and arguments are making the edit room look like the boardroom. #CelebApprentice
It's boardroom time! Does anyone miss ? #CelebApprentice
Do you know how many years starred on Taxi? #CelebApprentice
Im impressed -- both teams have produced very entertaining silent films. #CelebApprentice
The home of the boardroom- - #CelebApprentice
Who do you think is going home? #CelebApprentice
Do you think I made the right decision? #CelebApprentice
From 10-11 pm, ranks #1 in 18-49 among ABC,CBS, and NBC. #CelebApprentice
My interview re: pregnancy, my grandchildren, Obama's 18% tax rate &amp; Obamacare 
In case you missed it, my interview on Obama's IRA rate cut hurting savings &amp; economic growth 
Despite firing in last night's All Star Celebrity, Stephen had strong overall performance this season
is impressing the All Star Celebrity viewers with her continued success on Team Power.
My heart goes out to the people of Boston on this terrible day!
We must change the laws of our land and seek fair but rapid trials for the perpetrators of terrorist acts (Boston) with harsh punishment!
Ive known for a long time &amp; sadly, he gets dumber each &amp; every year--&amp; started from a very low base.
I was not thrilled but left them in because the show is real.
You will love it!
Very nice--thanks.
I know Adam--he's a great player &amp; great guy!
TV Ratings Sunday 'Family Guy' &amp; 'The Simpsons' Down, 'All-Star Celebrity Apprentice' Up 
Throwing out the first pitch a few years ago at Fenway in Boston- Boston will be better than ever. 
Donald Trump hires top lawyer for wind farm battle 
Congratulations to, &amp; all emergency first responders &amp; doctors for their excellent work under fire yesterday
Yes.
RT You'll be doing us in scotland a great service if you win. Good Luck.
RT This time I agree 100% I never knew how useless a wind turbine was until I (cont) 
RT I live in Aberdeenshire &amp; I'm with you, you have made a big difference to that bit (cont) 
Negotiation is persuasion more than power. Be reasonable and flexible, and never let anyone know exactly where youre coming from.
Climate changing for global warming journalists by Lawrence Solomon (cont) 
I sure hope the sexting pervert Anthony Weiner runs for mayor. Will be great fun watching him both lose and be humiliated.
Thank you.
Thank you.
With earlier today at press conference in 
Thanks.
Our country needs a negotiator--we are failing fast!
Thank you.
Flattery!
Great to see win big yesterday. Good for Boston and the country. Yesterday we were all fans.
Had a fantastic time at yesterdays All-Star press conference with in 
The Chinese must still be laughing at Kerrys trip to China. He got nothing, gave them everything and promised even more.
Business is easy. Dealing with people is hard. If you are an entrepreneur, your most important job is to choose who works with you.
It is terrible that neither Obama, Biden nor Kerry attended Lady Thatchers funeral. They would all run to Muslim Brotherhood Morsis.
Thanks.
Great!
W/ spectacular panoramic Pacific Ocean views, is the top luxury public golf course in the country 
Thinking small when you could think big limits you in all aspects of your life.
Thank you.
One reason many people do not do well in business is because they do not do well with people. - Midas Touch
Amazing! Watch fans take over National Anthem during pregame ceremonies 
Great!
We need someone!
Featuring top spa in New York, AAA Five-Diamond Award is Sohos most elite hotel &amp; destination spot 
With and crew at the start of a new 
Another great shot from the beginning of construction at 
You've got it mixed up. Chechnya is not the Czech Republic.
David Pecker would be a brilliant choice as CEO of TIME Magazine -- nobody could bring it back like David! 
should stop apologizing for the mistake they made the other day &amp; get back to reporting!
Is the Boston killer eligible for Obama Care to bring him back to health?
Great job by the FBI, Boston Police and all others involved-start the trial tonight!
That's great!
Sorry, the best and most beautiful ties and shirts made anywhere and at a really reasonable cost. Also, fragrance is amazing. GO TO MACY'S.
When the stupid people start feeling sorry for the Boston killer and want to release him and give him medals, remember the killings-maimings
Didn't the Boston killer even run over his own brother with a car in order to get away? We are not dealing with an innocent baby here-DEATH
You are right, the media is always offending Donald Trump-they have no limits-but they will do anything not to offend the Boston killer!
NO MERCY TO TERRORISTS you dumb bastards!
If the Boston killer applies for Obama Care the paperwork will be too complicated for him to understand!
Great sportscaster Al Michaels, a friend of mine, played golf with me on Saturday morning at Trump National, LA. He was in perfect shape!
I don't know how Al Michaels could have been drunk and arrested on Friday night if he was totally sharp on Saturday morning.
and George Ross are back as advisors. Good to see them! #CelebApprentice
I hope you are watching the Apprentice...tonight's show is great and Brett Michaels is back!
How stressed are and already? #CelebApprentice
This assignment has been a challenge to both teams. #CelebApprentice
For you newcomers, George Ross was one of my first advisors on the original Apprentice. #CelebApprentice
Romance or Adventure- what do you prefer? #CelebApprentice
George also appeared on Saturday Night Live when I was guest host in 2004. A great time! #CelebApprentice
My ties and shirts are doing very big numbers, beyond my wildest thoughts! Thanks and the rest of the losers for mentions!
Yes we can oh foolish one, terrorists should not have the right to remain silent!
Will be doing Fox and Friends at 7 A.M. (in 20 minutes).
Me, by a lot!
Spent the weekend in LA checking out Trump National Golf Club on the Pacific Ocean. An amazing place! 
Los Angeles or Scotland!
The big problem for little is that hes going to have to have another hit song, not just his Donald Trump bonanza.
int. on how the Boston thug deserves death penalty, great work &amp; firing Brande Roderick 
The Boston killer will soon be asking for a Presidential pardondont give it to him, Mr. Presidenthang tough!
did a great job on All Star Celebrity Raised a lot of money for charity while looking great.
Great wife!
Sorry to hear was dead last, in the gutter, in their Boston bombing coverage 
survives another week of All Star Celebrity Gary is shifty and playing to win.
Happy Birthday Mark.
Will Barack Obama personally read the Boston terrorist his Miranda Rights?
Macy's ships to Canada! Just go to: 
If your enemies end up liking you its because they beat you. You want their respect, not their friendship.
Attitude is a little thing that makes a big difference. - Winston Churchill
Yes!
The object of war is not to die for your country but to make the other bastard die for his. - Gen. George S. Patton
Its freezing in New Yorkwhere the hell is global warming?
This past Sundays All-Star Celebrity continued to win the key demographic of adults 25-54. An amazing run!
., dont worry, my ad will be shown across the world--and it is highly accurate!
The dying s circulation has dropped &amp; its newsstand sales have plummeted by 20.1 percent 
Did the Boston terrorists register their guns? No. Another example of why gun control legislation is not the answer!
Will be fully clothed in his mayoral ads?
North Carolinas most exclusive club, s features designed golf course, which fronts the biggest lake in NC
It was great to have veterans George Ross and back in the boardroom. #CelebApprentice
Wind turbines will quadruple your electric bills and destroy the value of your home. Lot's of chicken soup however-bird kill.
The Chinese talk of climate change and carbon footprint but don't clean up their factories-but they sell us the equipment to clean up ours!
They devalue everything, stupid!
Perhaps, but the Country is in really big trouble! I do love real estate though (and am seriously good at it).
The Central Park Five documentary was a one sided piece of garbage that didn't explain the.horrific crimes of these young men while in park
I have many great people but also an amazing number of haters and losers responding to my tweets-why do these lowlifes follow-nothing to do!
They were viciously attacking other people in the Park-nice guys?
Great!
Big pollution during manufacturing and building process!
Scotland does not have free press, even when you are just stating the facts-it's crazy!
Lance Armstrong just got sued by the Federal Government-they want their money back-I told you so! What was he thinking when he did that int?
The mother of the Boston killers (not suspects) says her boys are totally innocent and were set up-I can see the 14 year long defense now!
The Boston killer applying today for ObamaCare. He demands that medical bills be taken care of immediately. Does this include dental?
Can someone explain to me how a Chechnyan permanent resident non-citizen in our country is planning Jihad while on welfare?
Watch out. Champion returns to the Boardroom as a judge in this weeks All-Star Celebrity Don't cross her!
My interview on, &amp; my surprising TV career 
Do executives at know that the business of TV centers on viewers &amp; ratings? is #19 on cable Sad.
That's true--they all ask!
I believe Lance Armstrong had death wish when he did interview w/Oprahas I predicted, everybody is suing him, hell have nothing left
The aesthetic, the quality, has to be carried all the way through. - Steve Jobs
The entire village of Blackdog in Scotland protested to the Council last night about the ugly windmills. 
The Council was shocked by the exuberance of the demonstration in Blackdog. 
The Council is concerned over the health &amp; safety for the village of Blackdog w/ placement of sub-station. 
The sub-station in Blackdog is very dangerous on unregulated landfillfire hazard! 
doesnt have the finances or financial statement to build the hated windfarm in Aberdeen.
Wow, so nice! Thanks, I wish I could have met him.
You are so stupid!
Wrong on all counts dopey-you forgot to say taller than me!
..and now holds an adjunct professorship at Columbia University. Boudin also received an academic laurel from NYU Law School...
...What is wrong with this story? Isnt this just ridiculous? Terrible! #KathyBoudin
Thanks--the haters &amp; losers know that too.
No!
True, but the losers don't know that--thanks.
#TBT At the US Open Tennis Tournament with - see same hairstyle! 
Wow, Im at 2,200,000 followers but Id love to get rid of the haters &amp; loserstheyre such a waste of time!
Maybe Obama?
I never went bankrupt, you dope!
#TBT Do you believe- once upon a time Jon Stewart really liked me? From 2004. 
Trumps $200M Old Post Office Project Gets Early Approval 
Weiner says many more pictures may be out therethis is just what NYC needs, a pervert Mayor.
Pervert Alert! Serial sexter has promised to use twitter as a tool. Parents,make sure your children have him blocked.
Dangerous. While Obama is cutting down our military, China has announced plans to build more aircraft carriers 
continues to defend the billions it pissed away on green energy failures Your money was wasted.
We need another Bush in office about as much as we need Obama to have a 3rd term. No more Bushes!
I will, thanks!
I certainly did--in spades.
Study your area of business. All business involves risk, but risk can be reduced when you learn everything you can about what youre doing.
Looking forward to addressing s 'Road to Majority Conference' on June 13th 
Just as I predicted, Iraq is deteriorating into utter chaos The war was a waste. China is taking all the oil.
When you expect things to happen - strangely enough - they do happen. - J. P. Morgan
This Sundays All-Star Celebrity features the return of Sunday at 9 PM on --full 2 hours.
Being true to yourself and your work is an asset. Remember that assets are worth protecting. - Think Like a Champion
True!
I don't hate him but he made some really bad decisions.
Very true!
Thanks.
A one-sided piece of garbage--and I won--big success for Scotland!
True!
-I'll be doing On the Record With Greta Van Susteren tonight at 10 P.M. Greta is a Terrific person who really gets it! (FOX).
Dan-You are a great guy with a great family-amazing future!
What apology, didn't they go around beating the crap out of people and robbing them? Why did they all confess? Aren't police convinced?
Police records, signed confessions and more?
Very cool!
The Time Magazine list of the 100 Most Influential People is a joke and stunt of a magazine that will, like Newsweek,soon be dead. Bad list!
Not me, I predicted the housing bubble and told people not to buy. I now tell people it is a great time to buy
I remember when the Apprentice became the number one show on T.V. came up to me and thanked me on behalf of NBC (Yankee Stadium)
Rivers comes back in a big way tonight on Celebrity Apprentice - she is fantastic. 9 on NBC.
Thanks.
9?. Thanks.
Heres She &amp; make a terrific team as my advisors. #CelebApprentice
Do you think will be able to step up as PM? I know is hoping so. #CelebApprentice
Looks like Plan B is stuck with the mechanical dog. has latched on and wont let go. #CelebApprentice
feels hes been abandoned by his team. Do you think so? #CelebApprentice
says is a gem. I agree. We all agree. #CelebApprentice
is rightPlan B has descended into a state of total chaos. #CelebApprentice
Team Power+= Spielberg? Lets find out. #CelebApprentice
Do you agree with the client's decision? #CelebApprentice
Great boardroom. #CelebApprentice
Mechanical dog is going to be trending tonight. #MechanicalDog #CelebApprentice
Did you agree with my decision? #CelebApprentice
Doing Fox and Friends at 7.00 A.M. Hope you loved Apprentice last night.
Next year should be the comedian at the White House Correspondents dinner. The only problem is that... 
.... but you only want to talk about 10 years later when I still win 10PM in all key demos.
I'm in front of the camera and behind the camera- just looked at your picture, you'll never be in front of the camera!
I just sent a check of $20,000 for his charity, Children's Kawasaki Disease. He worked hard and deserves it.
Thanks!
Great photo with and from this week's - 
I agree, Modern Family sucks!
Great taste!
Happy birthday!
Windfarms destroy everything around them-very sad!
I should have many Emmys for The Apprentice if the process were fair-in any event, it's not my day job. ,
Dopey, I've won them all.
Night loser!
Thanks!
Congratulations to Michael Jordan on his marriage over the weekend.
Just left news conference at with - people love ! 
1/5 households is on food stamps We must do better. Americans need to have a work ethic.
Once again has competed at a very high level on Celebrity All Star He is a great competitor.
is a great guy and a great competitor who is respected by all!
sarcasm dummy!
Snow and freezing weather all over mid-section of Country. Global warming specialists better start thinking fast!
See story in The Scotsman re: wind turbines- 
Upstate New York is suffering with record unemployment. Fracking is the answer. Frack now and Frack fast!
Fracking poses ZERO health risks In fact, it increases our national security by making us energy independent.
Dont let the fear of striking out hold you back. - Babe Ruth
I never knew but thanks for the compliment!
Just took a look at Time Magazine-looks really flimsy like a free handout at a parking lot! The sad end is coming-just like Newsweek!
Stephen, that's right...and someone who is really smart!
When you get bored with others, you'll be back (and don't hurry).
Jodi Arias has stated that she follows me on twitter so I really hate to be saying that she is guilty but sadly, she is as guilty as it gets
Jodi should try but the Govt. should not make a deal - no jury could be dumb enough to let her off (but you never know, look at OJ &amp; others)
Jodi, if you're listening, MAKE A DEAL!
With Boston terrorist cell widening in suspects, it's now clear that it was a mistake to read the bomber the Miranda warning so early.
Work really hard &amp; think smart!
Thanks.
True!
My wife, Melania, will be on today 5 PM selling really beautiful jewelry at a very low price. Perfect for Mothers Daycall in!
Call today on at 5 PM EST, say hello, and buy buy buy!
Trump Int'l Puerto Rico spreads luxury residences, a world class golf resort &amp; beach club across 1,000 acres 
Obamas goal of 1 million electric car sales is a little off, by over 910,000 $100B of our money wasted!
Our trade deficit is still on pace to be over $500B. This is killing our manufacturing sector and sending jobs overseas.
Turn to QVC now to watch Melania - really good stuff!
Always get even. When you are in business, you need to get even with people who screw you. - Think Big
It's crunch time. This Sunday's All-Star Celebrity task will separate the winners from the losers.
Most people think small because most people are afraid of success, afraid of making decisions, afraid of winning The Art of the Deal
Whats funny about the name F**kface Von Clownstick -- it was not coined by Jon Leibowitz-- he stole it from some moron on twitter.
If Jon Stewart is so above it all &amp; legit, why did he change his name from Jonathan Leibowitz? He should be proud of his heritage!
Jon Stewart is a total phony -he should cherish his pastnot run from it.
Time magazine should name David Pecker of American Media to be its top guy...but they are not smart enough to do that!
Looking forward to being the guest of honor at Patriot's Award Gala Dinner in Washington, DC
Enjoy Celebrity Apprentice tonight at 9 - a really great episode!
The Trump Organization is honored to be expanding our interests into Dubai. The golf course will be the top course in the Middle East.
is the last lady standing in All Star Celebrity Watch out men, shes sharp and tough.
., who I got to know very well during #CelebApprentice, can't carry jock.
Head of Air Force's anti-sexual assault unit arrested for sexual assault! It just seems that our Country is not what it used to be.
Sexual assault and rape in the Armed Forces is a Massive problem that nobody wants to talk about or do anything about-the big dark secret!
26,000 sexual assaults or rapes reported in military last year-and that is just the number that is reported (many do not want to report).
Keep Wednesday morning free. You will want to see this!
Tired of being bullied by the economy? I'm going to help people. Wednesday 11 AM at Trump Tower
The economy is broken. Entrepreneurship is being suppressed. See what I do Wednesday 11 AM at Trump Tower atrium.
My int. on Benghazi cover up, the ObamaCare mess &amp; firing on 
Trump s renovations are on schedule. With such a massive project underway, I am watching closely.
My int. discussing business difficulties with ObamaCare &amp; how it is stopping businesses from hiring 
26,000 unreported sexual assults in the military-only 238 convictions. What did these geniuses expect when they put men &amp; women together?
Wow, I love stimulating debate and driving certain people crazy-the Generals were forced to do something they didn't want to do (not me).
Thanks Bob, it is one of the best and will only get better-I will be spending lots of money this Summer!
Thanks Sonny!
Just watched Jon Stewart(?) jumping up and down and screaming like a madman - nothing funny or smart, just loud and obnoxious, a pushy dope!
And Jon Stewart(?) is a very little man hiding behind lot's of high priced writers without which he would be nothing!
I would absolutely kill Jon Stewart(?) in a debate - it would be no contest - he's not fast enough or smart enough (only obnoxious enough!).
People do not assume this but more than anything else, I like helping people. Be at Trump Tower at 11 AM today.
It's go time! See you at Trump Tower. I'm giving money away! #FundAnything
I gave away money. Go to to see how I'm helping people. #FundAnything #Entrepreneurs #GiveBack
What a great time we just had in the atrium of Tump Tower for The place was happy and packed!
I just gave lots of money away at Trump Tower to people who needed it...they were very happy and appreciative!
discussing NYPD Chief Kellys great record &amp; the launch of the crowdfunding site 
Visit at to see my picks! #FundAnything
We continue to lose our nations finest in Afghanistan almost daily. The Rules of Engagement are costing lives.
Sorry losers and haters, but my I.Q. is one of the highest -and you all know it! Please don't feel so stupid or insecure,it's not your fault
Man, we had a great day today at Trump Tower - lots of money was given to many people who really needed it - good feelings and happiness!
Mark Cuban can't beat me at anything. He is one of many on Shark Tank and Apprentice has been a much, much bigger show!
Sadly, firing can be an essential and responsible business decision. It isn't pleasant, but lopping off a branch can save a tree.
For all of the morons who have been complaining about my comment on sexual assault &amp; rape in the military, (cont) 
I watched this AM re: &amp; dating. She looks terrific, better than ever, any guy would be lucky to be with her.
is right. Watergate is much different than Benghazi. No one died in Watergate.
Dummy, I'm asking a question - look at the question mark at the end of the sentence! Use your head.
You are 100% correct - thank you!
Very nice, thanks!
Leightweight Sugar virtually begged my reps to have me stop mocking him. Every time this dope goes on Apprentice I make money-too easy
Just left Trump National Doral in Miami - under massive construction - The Blue Monster will be one of the greatest courses ever built!
I never endorsed Judd - I'm with Senator Mitch all the way!
Not even close - he is just, as you know, a very bad copy (who I profit from).
Stewart (?) wouldn't have even a little chance in a debate with me. He's totally overrated - not fast enough or smart enough!
Little Jon Stewart(?) Is a pussy, he would be hopeless in a debate with me!
Your man, little Jon S(?) can't win, he's not smart enough or quick enough!
Sugar can't get himself arrested-but at least he's making me money-keep begging Sugar you dog!
Thanks Patti.
I have not run it for many years, I sold it a long time ago (great deal, great timing). When I owned it, a top place!
Thanks, no wonder our Country is in such trouble!
is a short ball hitter who had a massive failure on television, The Benefactor. Now he is one of many on a modest ratings show, S T.
The Apprentice, on the other hand, has been a MAJOR television hit, often times finishing #1. Even now, after 13 seasons, it wins its slot!
But I love insulting people who don't have the goods but think they do!
can't hold a.candle to Donald.Trump - he is a laughing stock in Great Britain (but his show pays me lots of money, so I'm happy)
Based on your picture I can see why - you look lost and in need of a cheap lifeline.
Thanks Chris - they know the real facts but don't choose to use them-very dishonest!
Thanks!
Two people fired very early on Celebrity Apprentice tonight at 9 leading up to next weeks live Finale. Don't get angry at me tonight!
You will love Celebrity Apprentice tonight - 9 PM on NBC. Must watch from beginning - two early firings!
Thanks Sam, and it's doing great!
I AM PLEASED TO INFORM YOU THAT CELEBRITY APPRENTICE HAS BEEN RENEWED FOR ANOTHER SEASON BY NBC. SEE YOU AT THE NBC UPFRONTS TOMORROW.
Have fun #1.
GREAT playing, you are the best!
My int. on IRS targeting Tea Party, the Benghazi death scandal &amp; v. finale 
Never judge someone by their job title. Youd be surprised at the talents people can have. - Midas Touch
did amazing on #CelebApprentice Raising over $505K for, she made it to the Final Four. Congrats Lisa.
once again made it to the Final Four. A true talent and great friend to #CelebApprentice Great job!
32 in New York - it's freezing! Where the hell is global warming when you need it?
is NY's best golf club. A 5 Star Diamond Award winner w/ an elite golf course &amp; top facilities 
Not since Watergate have we been going thru a time like this--Benghazi, IRS, wiretapping of 
Really terrible and a sad day for our Country!
I wonder what the next scandal will be in D.C.? Can we handle yet another?
This is one of the worst made and inaccurate documentaries I have ever seen. Filmmaker Mike Tollin has zero talent.Also-boring
True!
Obama &amp; his people did a brilliant job of delaying these scandals until after the election. Mitt must be going wild thinking about it!
Thanks Michael.
Thanks.
Perhaps so!
Very true!
Not too many around!
It helped!
Legendary Illusionist v. Country Music Star. This Sundays LIVE Finale of is a historic matchup. MUST SEE TV!
The most terrifying words in the English language are: I'm from the government and I'm here to help. - Pres. Ronald Reagan
Happy Birthday!
Go for it.
public golf course features spectacular panoramic Pacific Ocean views, an elite attraction 
Looks like we will have a pervert running for mayor after all - just what New York City needs - and he will revert back to form, always do!
Big Second Amendment believer but background checks to weed out the sicko's are fine.
America's top Army general has warned of a crisis unless sexual abuse in the military is quickly brought undet control.Forces greatly hurt!
Army officer who led a sexual abuse prevention unit was just fired after being charged with violently going after his wife.What is going on?
I was never a fan of Bush 2 FOR MANY REASONS, including the fact that we should never have gone into Iraq but once there, kept the oil! DUMB
Unfortunately with some men when the poison kicks in (not me of course) there are no rules or guidelines in the military that will stop them
Celebrity Apprentice will be LIVE on Sunday at 9 PM (from New York City).Casting has already begun for next season.
Thanks, very nice.
Congratulations to my friend on 1,000th show consecutively #1 in his time slot! Great going!
is a piece of garbage but I think it is very nice &amp; charitable that they employ the no-talent illiterate hack 
The LIVE FINALE of is this Sunday at 9/8C. Watch and see who will be the first ever All-Star Celebrity Apprentice.
Who do you like of the final two? #CelebApprentice 
I'm watching Knicks game-I'd bet all of those guys with the terrible tattoos wish they never got them-too bad, too late!
Rather amazing, wasn't it!
Tell your friends son - YOU'RE FIRED TUMOR!
I don't, he makes me money!
Thanks, only the haters disagree!
Only in your weak mind!
Thanks Lee!
How badly will the Country be hurt by the three scandals and the very poor implementation and cost of Obama Care?
Just left the set of The Apprentice - the live show tonight will be fantastic - and something very big and very different is going to happen
The cast for next season looks really good!
How are you - $5.5 million (a bargain).
Obama put up nothing, zilch!
Will be doing Fox &amp; Friends at 7 A.M. It never ends (hopefully)!
Thanks!
.,,, &amp; I thank our loyal fans for another great season of !
It was my honor, you're a great guy &amp; your mother would be very proud of you.
Very nice Denise, thank you.
Thanks.
Thanks.
Thanks Dave.
Everyone should go see Great documentary showcasing s legacy.
Thank you.
Excited to speak at tomorrow night's Lincoln Day dinner in Michigan All time sales record, over 2000. 
Good timing: won big for American Red Cross last night on Now the Red Cross is in Oklahoma doing a great job.
Thanks Van--so true.
Isnt it amazing that Obama never knew about the IRS scandals until he saw it in the news?!
Thanks Tanja
...... Circulation is way down and all he thinks about are his bad food restaurants. 
I can't believe would renew Graydon Carter's contract......
Graydon Carter is laughing at the stupidity of Chuck Townsend on his contract renewal--- even he doesn't believe it! 
Jodi Arias jury is having a hard time with the death penalty-judge just sent them back for further deliberatuon.
. is one of the top media outlets in the country. has revolutionized political commentary and reporting.
If the great Si Newhouse were still running, he would fire Graydon Carter immediately- circulation tanking.
could come back if Graydon Carter paid as much attention as he does to his bad food restaurants. 
Hello Dawn.
So true Mike.
Not even close dummy, he is strictly small time.
They are dummies!
That's because I know him-he's a lowlife!
Scotland is having a virtual revolt over obsolete wind turbines which are driving up energy costs and killing the bird population (and more)
True
Happy Birthday!
Thanks, I had a great time.
It's important to remain open to new ideas and new information. Keep your door open every day to something innovative and energizing.
Jury was unanimous after hearing the made up case against my co. Filed many years ago, she.and her pathetic lawyer should pay me big damages
Thanks--and great job, David--what a great evening.
Read this &amp; you will understand why Vanity Fair is going down the tubes.
Thanks.
In addition to ripping me off.
True, they are being decimated.
True!
Mrs. Goldberg, who filed the Chicago case many years ago, is a vicious and conniving woman--loved beating her.
Thanks.
Thanks.
WH counsel met with IRS lawyer 3x in 2012, once in September But Obama just learned through news reports?
Memorial Day is a time to honor our nation's finest who made the ultimate sacrifice for our freedom. God bless them all.
Looking forward to being guest of honor at Patriot Gala Dinner on June 14th in DC. Flag day and my birthday.
In your planning, know how much risk you can take. Evaluate whether the returns will be worth the risk.
The biggest business people have used the bankruptcy laws to their advantage-Warren B, Icahn, Kravis and this week John Paulson-for haters!
Thanks Jimmy.
You're nuts, go get a job.
Are you making less than minimum wage, don't worry, the government will protect you. Afraid to give your real name? You should be.
I do, thanks.
Wrong, totally proved my case but didn't get damages because the libel laws in this Country suck!
And dumb people like 
, are you ready for the deal?
Wrong!
, are you ready for the deal?
Bigger means bigger dummy, you really are stupid, aren't you!
Danny, you're not having fun, you are getting your ass kicked - afraid to make the deal?
I hope you pick up a lot of twitter followers by this so people can see what a total asshole you are!
Thanks, Country is in trouble.
Just killing time!
I never went bankrupt - just like Buffett, Icahn, Kravis and Paulson - as you know!
Thanks!
on your best day you can't come close to beating me, I'll kick your ass every time-take the bet Danny (check with M.F. boss).
Nation's infrastructure is collapsing, MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
See, dummy Danny Zuker, who I never heard until this, started something that he couldn't finish-gutless and unwilling to take my bet!
I like John McCain but we have to start rebuilding the United States instead of countries who hate us and want us to fail - be smart!
We spend billions of dollars helping nations all over the World but with hurricane Sandy and Oklahoma tornado not one nation helped us!
., lead investor in Aberdeen windfarm fiasco, has dropped outproject not economicallyble--&amp; protestors hate it.
Who would be stupid enough to invest in ill-conceived windfarm when it will lose 25M yearly?
John Menard of Menards home improvement stores in Midwest treats employees horribly -- should they form a union? 
I commend Roger Ailes for publicly supporting employees against the Obama administration's intimidation of its reporters.
Yes!
Trump researching 2016 run 
Thanks.
No, beautiful and really sweet and nice.
Fight hard, they are horrible!
Inflation is here. Record beef prices are hitting consumers pockets Bad for family grills.
U.S.A. is not rich, owes 17 trillion dollars.
RT In case you missed it, check out story about &amp; 
We have a system that increasingly taxes work and subsidizes nonwork. - Milton Friedman
Thanks, people love them ().
That's what I hear.
But I know and think he would do really well-tough, smart and a good guy!
Happy birthday!
Yes.
Best 2013 Golf Courses: Trump Int'l Golf Links Scotland. Great honor, great magazinethanks! 
Bringing true luxury to the Windy City, soars 92 levels over the Chicago River 
Enjoy!
Pretty much!
Thank you.
Very cool, thank you.
The new amnesty bill is over 1000 pages. It is another monstrosity a la ObamaCare.
Obama wants to unilaterally put a no-fly zone in Syria to protect Al Qaeda Islamists Syria is NOT our problem.
has tremendous talent and a proven ability to lead. He deserves to be in the 
House GOP better get its act together.Defund ObamaCare. Out negotiate on debt ceiling. Form commissions on Benghazi &amp; IRS. No excuses!
Military has announced that China has successfully hacked our advanced weapon designs. China is our enemy.Should we offset this on our debt?
Hi Joanna.
I'll bet you had a great son.
Thanks, but I don't feel like it--work too hard!
Thanks.
Is business success a natural talent? I think its a combination of aptitude, work and luck. - Think Like a Champion
Which one?
Thanks.
Thanks!
Surprising a future Nobel prize winner on todays : 
Thank you.
Thank you!
My interview re: 2016, the need for leadership in our country, Syria &amp; China hacking our military 
China has done great under Obama. Increased private US holdings by 500%. Hacks our military &amp; R&amp;D. Robs us blind daily. #timetogettough
.s renovations are revitalizing Miami. The new course will be a great challenge 
One of the many reasons that dropped out of windfarm projectthey couldnt solve military radar defense problems
Frack now and frack fast unless we want to continue to be dependent on countries that hate us.
Young entrepreneurs should always remember that if you do not promote yourself, no one else will!
I pride myself on being obstinate, stubborn, &amp; tough. I think those are important qualities found in successful people. - Think Big
Serious stuff-IRS Commissioner visited White House 157 times, far more than Sec. of State or Defense. What a big story this is!
The architectural boat tour is great.
Today, Judge St. Eve ruled in my favor on the two remaining claims brought by Goldberg in Chicago. The case is now officially over
Ms. Goldberg &amp; her blowhard lawyer should be ashamed for having brought this frivolous case. They should pay me damages!
You don't need me--Mar-a-Lago is the best &amp; most beautiful place to get married. If I'm there I'll stop by. Congrats!
Thanks Paul.
Pres. Obama is meeting with Chinas Pres. this week He will get zero deliverables. China laughs at us.
continues to do great work in exposing the left wing financing behind amnesty 
FLASHBACK: Donald Trump Answers Boy's Prayer for New Bike 
You always look great on TV, even without a Trump tie!
Thank you!
Thanks, 57th and Fifth.
Thank you.
Oh really, weren't they brutally mugging people all over the Park? - and now they are seeking damages - ridiculous!
The Miami Heat looked great tonight - congratulations from all of your friends at your favorite place in Miami, Trump National Doral.
26,000 sexual assaults in the military last year-way up from previous years. Armed Forces are in total turmoil!
Happy Birthday!
Donald Trump to lay out new golf course plan 
TRUMP: IMMIGRATION BILL A REPUBLICAN 'DEATH WISH' by 
Whitey Bulgers prosecution starts today. Will be one of the most interesting and intriguing trials.
Congratulations to Jim Herman, my ass't golf pro at Trump Nat'l Golf Club/Bedminster, NJ for qualifying for the U.S. Open! 
The two dumbest interviews in history may go down as Lance Armstrong, who is being sued by everyone in the world, &amp; Michael Douglas.
They should have stopped paying him a long time ago.
I will be going to Aberdeen, Scotland today to help my team celebrate the great success of Trump International Golf Links-press conference.
My son has just done another great event and raised a lot of money for He is a really good boy who loves helping kids.
Thanks to for putting on such a great concert fot John was a winner on Celebrity Apprentice and is a fantastic guy.
According to Bill O'Reilly, 80% of all the shootings in New York City are blacks-if you add Hispanics, that figure goes to 98%. 1% white.
Sadly, the overwhelming amount of violent crime in our major cities is committed by blacks and hispanics-a tough subject-must be discussed.
When it comes to violent crime, and if we are going to solve the problem, we must stop being so politically correct-must tell it like it is!
Likewise, the primary victims of violent crimes are in the African American and Hispanic communities. These people want LAW AND ORDER now!
Not concerned about them-weren't they brutally mugging people in the Park? Go check your facts.
I can't believe the Yankees continue to pay A Rod - they have a perfect right to stop paying (and should have stopped a long time ago).
Thank you!
This just in re: FundAnything and producer Brad Wyman 
A-Rod has disgraced the blessed organization, lied to the fans &amp; embarrassed NYC. He does not deserve to wear the pinstripes.
Looking over New York City with luxurious 5 Star hotel rooms, top dining &amp; amenities 
Remember Trump ties &amp; shirts for Fathers Day--your father will love you even more!
I've done the largest house sale in U.S. history by selling a Palm Beach mansion for $100M, $60M more than I paid. I love real estate.
I feel bad for all employees. Every day at work, they see circulation going down as Graydon runs his bad food restaurants.
We look forward to making the Old Post Office in DC one of the great hotels of the World. 
But didn't he bet on his own team--he paid the price.
You could never beat me at golf--18 club championships.
Be flexibly focused. Focus does not mean being narrow-minded or rigid. - Think Big
I'm in Scotland getting ready for a major news conference on the Great Dunes of Scotland announcing the second North Sea course - amazing!
I hope everybody goes to Macy's today to get Donald J. Trump shirts, ties, suits and cufflinks - they are really beautiful at low price
Newsstand sales for, run by sleepy Graydon Carter, are down almost 20%. All he cares about are his bad food restaurants!
Lots and yes.
U.S. taps Donald Trump to convert DC's Old Post Office into luxury hotel 
int. on gov. collecting data, whistle blower hiding in China &amp; no bikinis in Miss World pageant 
A coincidence that the NSA leaker is living openly in Hong Kong?! At the same time the Chinese Pres. met with Obama in CA.
Worry destroys focus. - Think Big
Thanks, just really busy!
Shirts and ties are doing great --thanks!
Yesterday's home runs don't win today's games. - Babe Ruth
and I on the 18th hole at Trump International Golf Links Scotland- 
She will run!
Me too, thanks!
Thanks and great job!
Great going to Bob Kraft &amp; Bill Belichick of the on Tim is a winner just like them!
Belated congratulations to on winning the French Open. A great player &amp; person!
With so many scandals plaguing Obama, it seems that they all hit him at the right time. Could help him get away w/ all of them.
Thank you.
The risk of a wrong decision is preferable to the terror of indecision. - Maimonides
Amazing tried to destroy Aberdeen.
Happy birthday Victoria.
Wow, sexual assaults in the military have gone through the roof, far worse than anybody could have predicted!
I've been warning about China since as early as the 80s. No one wanted to listen. Now our country is in real trouble. #TimetoGetTough
Youre starting up again because people have forgotten you. You wouldnt take my bet but its (cont) 
DannyLet your bosses on Modern Family lend you the money to play the game. Show courage!
Have fun and thanks.
Looking forward to speaking at s Gala Dinner on Friday in D.C. His staff has been great!
Danny--You're a total loser!
Is it a coincidence that the Middle East has blown up since Obama became president?
Lightweight is too stupid to see that China (and others) is destroying the U.S. economically and our leaders are helpless! SAD.
.Sam, you are so pathetic!
Just tried watching Modern Family - written by a moron, really boring. Writer has the mind of a very dumb and backward child. Sorry Danny!
Now tell the truth.
Hater, Danny is getting his ass kicked like he has all of his life!
You have no chance!
Its Thursday. How much has OPEC ripped us off today?
and I are looking forward to visiting Vancouver next week. Big announcement
&amp; are co-hosting Miss USA 2013 -- Sunday night at 9 PM ET on NBC. will be performing. Tune in!
Thanks Anna.
Great!
Have a good time, enjoy this great city.
Dont find fault. Find a remedy. - Henry Ford
Come to Miss U.S.A. tomorrow in Las Vegas-will be a great evening!
A family in Las Vegas just stopped a violent home invasion by shooting one of the perpetrators-the other fled and will be captured. Great!
Congratulations to Connecticuts Erin Brady on being crowned the 2013 ! America will be well-represented in !
The crowning moment - Conneticuts Erin Brady winning 2013 
&amp; both did a wonderful job hosting ! Everyone loved &amp; s performances!
Trending story on Miss Utah is very unfair. She simply lost her train of thoughtcould happen to anyone! 
I own, but he has his friends &amp; haters &amp; losers tweeting that he beat me. He cant beat me at anything!
Like it or not, haters and losers, everybody is talking about Miss U.S.A. and Miss Utah. By the way she is a fine young woman-unfair to her.
Snowden is doing great damage to our relations with other countries and U.S.prestige. China is laughing at us as he continues illegal action
Keep testing your limits. Never become complacent. Always think big!
Young entrepreneurs - never back down. Take the hits and get up. Thats what makes a winner.
The Miss Universe Pageant will be broadcast live from MOSCOW, RUSSIA on November 9th. A big deal that will bring our countries together!
The Miami Heat is getting it's ass kicked - they better start playing or it will be a long Summer for them.
Do you think Putin will be going to The Miss Universe Pageant in November in Moscow - if so, will he become my new best friend?
Great basketball game going on right now!
Thank you, very nice!
Thank you!
.s book The Amateur is out in paper back. Lots of insights.
Thank you.
I never made the ridiculous comment about James G. and Obama Care - somebody else put it out and attributed it to me. Not my style!
Some dope said I deleted a tweet about James G. There was no tweet and there was no delete-a totally fabricated story (nobody saw tweet).
Keep your brand standard in mind, and your expansion will seem possible as well as gratifying. - Midas Touch
James Gandolfini was a remarkable talent. He was also a decent man. We will all miss him.
We know who did the hoax of James Gandolfini and ObamaCare. Be careful, Mister.
Loser Danny is obsessed with Trump.
Our debt is about to reach $17T. Iraq has $20T in oil reserves. Interesting.
Thanks--it will be great.
After one of the great chokes in the history of sports, it will be hard for the Spurs to beat the Heat - but who knows. Good game on now!
Due diligence includes increasing your financial IQ daily.
Thanks!
Good luck.
Putin says Russia cant allow a weakening of its nuclear deterrentU.S. wants to reduceare we crazy?
Receiving the trophy for best new golf course in the world- Trump International Golf Links Scotland. 
Good luck.
Enjoy your stay!
or Ireland?
Even liberals &amp; Democrats think Eric Schneidermans use of the Atty Generals office is unfair &amp; unethical. 
Excited and honored to be addressing summit in Iowa this August. 
We are being embarrassed by Russia and China on Snowden (and much more) yet Obama is talking about global warming on Tuesday.
Snowden is showing how weak the U.S. has become.
There certainly is plenty of evil.
That's really nice--good luck!
Thank you!
Trump Iowa Visit Raises 2016 Speculation 
Thank you.
Unions who secure the border oppose the amnesty bill Their expert opinions should at least be listened to.
We need to worry about the American worker first!
#Skywire As much credit as he's been given, he wasnt given enough credit for his incredible feat over Grand Canyon.
Looking forward to my summit visit and speech.
They gave up because the shirts, ties and cufflinks are hot sellers 
Thank you.
Almost all residents love the course and the great things it has done for the community. Polls have shown 93% approval:-)
Interesting!
Real estate!
One of the most expensive projects ever in Miami s $200M of renovations are right on schedule. When completed, will be elite!
Shining over Fifth Avenue, (a NY icon) offers a full service restaurant, bar, cafe, ice cream parlor and Gucci.
Dont be afraid of mistakes. They can be learning tools on the way to building something great for yourself. Think Like a Champion
Obamas speech on climate change was scary. It will lower our standard of living and raise costs of fuel &amp; food for everyone.
As hard as it is to believe, sexting pervert Anthony Weiner is leading in some polls for Mayor of NYC.
Ability is nothing without opportunity. - Napoleon Bonaparte
was fabulous in last nightas was the entire cast.
Whether you like it or not, Bush also gave us Obama!
Have fun.
Very sad, isn't it!
Mastering others is strength. Mastering yourself is true power. - Lao Tzu
Call it any way you like, but Snowden is a traitor. When our country was great do you know what we did to traitors?
Only 40 hours? (just kidding).
How did Snowden, with not even a high school education, get access to top secret U.S. records. He then gave, or sold, those records-traitor!
You mean the fact that my father left me some money (as a good father will) and I multiplied it many, many times to over $10 billion-is bad?
Wrong, made a lot of money in Atlantic City-and most kids do blow their inheritance, or do nothing with it-look at stats.
Thank you.
Every penny of the $7 billion going to Africa as per Obama will be stolen - corruption is rampant!
19 firefighters killed in Arizona - terrible tragedy!
Fox and.Friends now!
I'll bet he was!
Congratulations to on joining on s Crossfire. Show will be excellent!
We should be concerned about the American worker &amp; invest here. Not grant amnesty to illegals or waste $7B in Africa.
Yesterday Obama compared Nelson Mandela to George Washington in Africa. Do you think he really believes it?
Trump Puerto Rico is 1st development in Puerto Rico to combine lavish residences, world class golf &amp; a beach 
I dont know Dennis Kozlowski, who made Tyco into a great company &amp; then went to prison, but hes up for parolelet him go!
are making a big mistake sending the doping to rehab assignment. Should suspend him until investigation is over.
has continually degraded Catholic Church on the joke he calls a show Catholics should boycott HBO.
Get in. Get it done. Get it done right. Get out. - My father, Fred C. Trump
You have to have a good reason for doing what youre doing because people connect with the why. - Midas Touch
Having an ego and acknowledging it is a healthy choice. Our ego gives us a sense of purpose. - Think Like a Champion
Good idea, will create one.
That's great!
Wrong!
Thanks!
He would be crazy to play in L.A. - really bad coach who can't adjust to his players!
Nice article on Trump Links at Ferry Point in today's New York Post - the construction is going really well!
You're right, it's beautiful--thanks!
In 2011 I said that Mubarak never should have been ousted because whoever replaces him will be worse. Obama made a mistake.
Our trade deficit just jumped in May to the second-highest level on record FAIR trade, not free trade. I TOLD YOU.
Leaving Miami-Trump National Doral will be GREAT!
Then why do you follow me like a little puppy, moron?
Thank you!
To all of those who asked, I predicted two weeks ago and again last night that Dwight Howard would go to Houston.Do I get congrats-insight?
Thanks Christine, very nice!
For all of those that were hoping I was wrong, and this is a very unimportant subject to me, Dwight Howard just officially announced Houston
Thank you Becca.
Thanks Craig.
So true!
- Thank you for Trump Scotland honor!
Anderson Silva just got knocked out by new champion Chris Weidman! Congrats to Chris.
Fantastic job by, a true champion who showed tremendous courage and determination! AMAZING
Yeah, blame me moron!
Besides an award winning golf course features exquisite estates on top the Palos Verdes Peninsula 
Isnt it ironic that a lot of the wealthy environmentalists use private jets and fight wind farms being placed near their property?
Thanks.
EXCLUSIVE: NEVER-AIRED 'APPRENTICE' PARODY OF TRUMP FIRING OBAMA 
The Art of the Deal is a good start.
Thanks.
Great!
Thanks--has been great for Scotland.
We built perhaps the greatest golf course in the world...bringing business to Scotland.
Thanks.
Thank you.
I did a great thing for Scotland!
A failure or setback is not a defeat. Defeat is a state of mind. You are defeated only when you accept defeat. - Think Big
With Spitzer &amp; Anthony Weiner running for office, New York is pervert central! Pathetic
You don't necessarily need the best location. What you need is the best deal. - The Art of The Deal
Pakistani intelligence had full knowledge that Bin Laden was living in Abbottabad. They were sheltering him.
Must read editorial co-written by editor William Kristol &amp; editor Kill the Bill 
Magazine should definitely pick David Pecker to run things over there - he'd make it exciting and win awards!
Thanks, it has been amazing!
Spitzer never made 10 cents on his own-he worked for his very rich father (a friend of mine who never thought much of Eliot as a businessman
Thanks!
BBC is a scandal ridden wasteland--a one sided piece of garbage!
THE HILLS TWITTER ROOM: Trump: Spitzer, Weiner turning New York into pervert central 
Must read article by Jeffrey Lord: The Ruling Class Liberty Medal 
Happy Birthday.
Interestingthe last time a Democrat succeeded a two-term Democratic pres. was in 1836 when Martin Van Buren succeeded Andrew Jackson.
Getting rid of the mortgage interest deduction would be a disaster for homeowners, who have suffered enough!
A people that values its privileges above its principles soon loses both. - Dwight D. Eisenhower
Lying traitor Snowden now claims that he did not give any information to the Russians or Chinese. Why doesnt he come home then?
Do not view any failure as the end. Learn your lessons quickly, then move on. Do not dwell on failure. Start thinking big again.
Thank you.
Real estate is at the core of almost every business, and it's certainly at the core of most people's wealth. - Think Like a Billionaire
Destiny has a part to play in your life and in your business - so give it a chance to work. - Think Like a Champion
A woman is suing one of my businesses despite the fact that she loved her classes. Our legal system is a mess. Watch- 
Thanks!
Thanks!
Interesting.
Thanks.
Thanks.
Wow!
Thanks.
Zimmerman is no angel but the lack of evidence and the concept of self-defense, especially in Florida law, gave the jury little other choice
Learn, work, and think in equal proportions, and youll be going in the right direction. - Think Like a Champion
Yes Danielle, a great chance.
A brand is not a logo. A brand is the promise you put out there and the experience you deliver. - Midas Touch
Because I will be busy doing anything other than being in the movie #RoadHard. 
Had a great time on this morning.
Thank you!
Great and thanks.
Most of the time you will need to work hard and stay focused to get to the top - and then work even harder to stay there. -Think Big
Consumer prices rose in June due to OPEC OPEC continues to rip off hard working American families daily.
Interesting!
Do not give up--you will make it!
Perhaps. Pray for great leadership!
I promise.
True!
Weiner and Spitzer are on top of the latest polls. A sad day for the greatest city on earth! They will spend lots of time together.
Thanks.
Give a lot of credit to Carlos Beltran for developing into a terrific baseball player and total winner for the Cardinals-great going Carlos!
Interesting.
Sad!
Thanks.
American league wins!
Great idea, I will ask her!
Be totally focused. Being successful requires nothing less than 100% of your concentrated effort.
It's the sense of achievement along the way.
Great, thanks!
Good luck!
My great honor!
Thanks.
Mariano Rivera is one of top of all time. Greatest closer of all time. A true warrior. Last night's MVP award well-deserved.
Fun fact for my 2M+ followers - the 'Architect' Karl Rove blew $400M in the 2012 election with a success rate of 1.6%.
Thank you.
Have fun!
has done a GREAT job as the architect of my new golf course at Ferry Point. NYC is very proud!
Thanks.
Only in America can a Jihadi thug who murdered women and children be nursed back to health &amp; then get a cover.
Erin Brady is doing a fantastic job representing Trump Miss USA. Smart, gorgeous--a really positive force!
The Zimmerman trial is over. It is time to move on. While Zimmerman is no angel, he was acquitted and should be able to move on.
Sad thing is Rolling Stone was (is) a dead magazine with big downward circulation and now, for them at last, people are talking about it!
Why is the congress focusing on amnesty when so many Americans are unemployed?
Must watch - owner of a single restaurant anticipates that ObamaCare will cost over $1M for compliance 
With an award winning course designed by Tom Fazio, Trump National Philadelphia is a 360 acre exclusive jewel 
Congratulations to on winning Athlete of the Year in last nights LeBron is also a great guy!
The Feds pumping is great news in the short term but it cant last forever. Be prudent in your market investing.
Thanks.
One thing Ive learned about the press is theyre always hungry for a good story, the more sensational the better. - Art of the Deal
Thanks--say hi to Mikey.
Thanks.
Thank you Joselyn.
Whether you love, like or hate Donald Trump, I will be on Bill O'Reilly (Fox) tonight at 8.00. Bill knows Trump is great for ratings!
Re-run of O'Reilly on Fox NOW!
Never Give Up gives an overview of projects &amp; problems solved.
Ranked nationally in top 100, Trump Int'l Golf Club in Palm Beach is a 27 hole masterpiece 
.s radio show is a great addition to talk radio. She is sharp, talented, &amp; great sense of humor. Congratulations.
Thanks.
Thanks.
Thanks.
Some good news for New York - Weiner has dropped 12 points in the polls &amp; that is before more of the perverts old texts are released.
Important editorial by John Faso in : Spitzers reckless leadership 
Our GDP has been growing less than 2% for the last 5 years. ObamaCare will slow us down even more. Has to be repealed.
The ties, shirts and suits at Macy's are doing fantastically well-check out the new designs and low prices-nothing better!
Yes!
A terrible situation.
China is building 50 brand new airports while our country continues to rott! Very sad.
500 of the most vicious prisoners escaped from an Iraq prison today. That country is a time bomb waiting to happen-a total corrupt mess!
Baseball player Ryan Braun turned out to be a total con man after so vociferously proclaiming his innocence only to be guilty as.hell!
Happy Anniversary Heidi!
Happy Birthday!
70 stories over Panama Bay, is the countrys first five star development. A masterpiece 
Detroits bankruptcy could just be the start Many municipalities across US are over-leveraged &amp; losing citizens
No surprise, serial sexter Anthony continues to be a sick pervert. He was sexting a 'young' girl last summer 
Phil Mickelsons final 66 round in was amazing. Congrats on his well-deserved win. Amazing competitor &amp; a great guy!
Great read: Hollywood can kiss Adam Corolla's ass, he's going Trump funding 
National Review Online: Kristin Davis's Libertarian 'Tough Love' 
is back on the DL. The coming suspension will be announced soon by 
To be a visionary and to be a billionaire, you have to chase impossibilities. Few ever get rich easily. - Think Like a Billionaire
I will be on ON THE RECORD tonight at 10 pm
Not when you are running for Mayor!
Greta in a few minutes-will be interesting!
Just amazing!
Bloomberg News - Spain's renewable projects, lead by money losing wind turbines, facing bankruptcy. Hopefully Scotland is watching!
More and more reporters are using the word TRUMP when referring to winning--just used on Bloomberg News. Gee, I wonder why?
Watch the first #TrumpVine re: Anthony Weiner- 
Thanks.
Why is pursuing environment destroying windmills when quit because of no (cont) 
Today Obama will give another speech on the economy. Tomorrow our country will still be $17T+ in debt with 18% real unemployment.
My int. on Obamas falling poll numbers, Americans losing incentive to work and Weiners sexting 
For the sake of New York City, all recent sexting victims of Anthony Carlos Danger Weiner should come forward.
Looking forward to my Iowa visit at Summit Big crowd!
Isnt it sad that Weiners first press conference with wife Huma was yesterday admitting to a sext he made post-resignation &amp; apology!
I've just started blocking out some of the repetitive and boring (&amp; dumb) haters and losers. They are a waste of time and energy!
Great!
True!
Don't ever think you've done it all already or that you've done your best. That's a shortcut to undermining your own potential.
Learn to think continentally. - Alexander Hamilton
On the sands of Playa Brava, waves will reflect on walls &amp; circular architecture of Trump Tower Punta del Este 
Wacko pervert s idea of Hispanic outreach is using Carlos Danger as his sexting. Hes an insensitive racist.
The new reality - Chinas demand for oil now controls the market And OPEC gets away with ripping us off at $105!
Druggie is now scheming to sue the He will go down as the biggest sports embarrassment of all time.
They are laughing.
Thanks Colin.
The Art of the Deal!
True!
You can have a round on me!
Thanks.
It will really be amazing when complete.
I'm at Trump National DC watching the #2013JuniorPGA championship--fantastic young players! 
Donald Trump to Speak at The Family Leadership Summit Get tix 
Thanks!
Once you learn to quit, it becomes a habit. - Vince Lombardi
Thanks!
The Art of the Deal is a good start.
Thank you so much Adam!
Thanks Sonia.
Sorry Dopey, I bought lots of Facebook Stock at 16.
Thank you Andy!
Poll numbers have nosedived for pervert NYC mayoral candidate Anthony Weiner- good news for New York!
Thanks.Eric.
Congratulations to on her big ratings win for the evening news. Diane is a spectacular person.
Looking forward to keynoting Leadership Summit. Tickets selling out 
Have a great day.
Thank you for those nice words!
Thanks.
Happy birthday Glenda!
Have fun!
Yes, very soon. Project will be amazing!
Conservative!
What the mind can conceive and believe, and the heart desire, you can achieve. - Norman Vincent Peale
#TrumpVine sucks! 
Being associated with Joel is my great honor--he is a fantastic man!
My int. on China, the economy and my upcoming keynote at Leadership Summit 
Be sure to keep following announcements on the development of Trump International Golf Club Dubai. Will be spectacular.
A sad day for America with Snowden being granted asylum in Russia. Putin is laughing at Obama.
Snowden is handing over to Russia a treasure trove of intel. Our politicians are incapable of dealing!
Chris Matthews ratings are at new historic lows. He is single-handedly destroying the entire channel.
It is a great victory for NYC that A-Rod will never wear pinstripes again.
People dont know that Eliots father is very rich. Eliot likes to pretend hes poor to appeal to voters.
Eliot better have a great pre-nupI want to help Silda in her negotiation.
Perhaps.
Thank you.
Im on tonight to talk about what the Yankees should have done about A-Rod long ago 
Thank you!
Isn't it sad the way Putin is toying with Obama regarding Snowden. We look weak and pathetic. Could not happen with.a strong leader!
Thanks!
Thanks.
I know!
For all of those who have been asking about online sales, the Donald J. Trump Signature Collection ties &amp; shirts are sold 
Do as I say, not as I do. Obama just granted a special ObamaCare exemption for all Congress All are hypocrites!
Less than ten days until I keynote Leadership Summit. Tix going fast.
That's great!
Let me sum this up for you... 
History does not long entrust the care of freedom to the weak or the timid. - Dwight D. Eisenhower
Thank you!
Great going.
Please send info to 725 Fifth Ave, N.Y. 10022. Thanks.
The Art of the Deal.
Do not settle for remaining in your comfort zone. Being complacent is a good way to get nowhere. Get your momentum going and keep it going.
Great!
Thanks.
Look at the solution, not the problem--and never give up.
Take your work seriously, take yourself less seriously. Its a great recipe for some good times &amp; great memories.
Thanks!
We.signed our deal to take over the historic Old Post Office on Pennsylvania Ave. from the U.S. and convert it into super luxury hotel-jobs!
The Old Post Office building in Washington (D.C.) will soon be transformed into one of the great hotels anywhere in the world-lots of jobs!
Will be on with Greta tonight at 10 on Fox-always a great show with Greta!
Thanks Michelle!
Thank you Rob!
That could happen, he is terrific!
Why has all time hits leader Pete Rose paid a 20 year price whrn A-Rod gets 200 game penalty. It's time to let Pete into The Hall of Fame!
Great!
Be tough, be smart, be personable, but dont take things personally. Thats good business. - Think Like a Champion
Thank you Brian and good luck.
Yes, it will be amazing.
Best to look up titles at under publications. Start with The Art of the Deal and Never Give Up.
Happy birthday!
Good luck again!
HI!
#TrumpVine Weiner is a joke.... 
Excited to be keynoting Leadership Summit in Iowa this Saturday 
features a striking glass walled building w/ loft inspired interiors NYC's trendiest luxury hotel
Thank you.
Thanks!
Thanks Ian.
.s 2013 dwindling sales continue to sink at an even faster record rate under Graydon Carter Disaster!
Ft. Hood Jihadi Nidal Hassan has been paid over $300g in Army salary while on trial. His victims are deprived of any benefits...
Do not underestimate yourself, and know you are able to handle what comes your way by increasing your leverage.
Thank you.
Keep your chin up, keep going.
Definiteness of purpose is the starting point of all achievement. - W. Clement Stone
Because Piers won Celebrity Apprentice &amp; is wonderful--and I just started with Twitter.
Great, go get 'em!
Its a good idea to take your own pulse once in a while instead of focusing on what the masses are doing. - Think Like a Champion
Just a few days until I keynote at Leadership Summit in Iowa Very exciting
For all of those who have been asking about online sales, the Donald J. Trump Signature Collection ties &amp; shirts are sold 
Have a Happy Birthday.
Thanks.
Thanks.
66
Thanks
Wrong, Piers is smart &amp; tough and, when you get to know him, a really good guy--and loyal!
Sleepy eyes one of the dumbest voices in politics-- is angry that Im doing 
Doesnt dummy realize that when I considered running for president, I filed financial papers showing unbelievable numbers.
Sleepy eyes, when looking at my financial filings, shouldve said Great job Mr. Trump, Sir.
Only some!
When we finish, it will be one of world's great hotels.
Thanks.
Great playing--we are proud of you!
In the latest poll, Danger-Weiners numbers have sunk. I wonder how Carlos handled the stress? He is one whacko sicko sexter.
Re: hiring contractors, remember the cheapest isn't always the best. Their work may have to be redone &amp; they may not be reliable.
If FM needs to litter Scotland w/ ugly industrial wind turbines to gain independence, he will lose! 
If the gov't shuts down, it is because Obama wants to make working Americans buy ObamaCare while businesses and gov't are exempt.
First Minister will be destroying the beauty of Scotland with his insane desire for bird killing wind turbines.
Thank you for putting my Scotland course on your cover and a Top 100 course in the world. 
Eliot had a terrible debate performance this morning against Scott Stringer. He cant spin his failing and contemptible public record.
Watch what people are cynical about, and one can often discover what they lack. - General George S. Patton
Stay tuned!
Thanks Thomas!
I enjoyed my intetview with -I only hope it is fairly edited!
Should be interesting - lets see how fair and honest they will be! Enjoy
It was great being with you last night - fantastic people, and Bob V is special!!!
My finances have been totally filed dummy!
Don't lie, you will watch with great gusto!
Thank you, I had an amazing time!
So nice, good morning!
- very fair interview!
I can't believe that in New York we can't watch the PGA Championsip on CBS. How.much discount is Time Warner giving its customers?
Money may not grow on trees, but it does grow from talent, hard work, and brains. - Think Like a Billionaire
So true--thanks.
Thanks.
A long time ago, thanks.
He knows the best place!
The failing and dopey are writing so much false junk about me-they just can't get enough! BE CAREFUL.
Did the poor but smart to leave ex-husband of get any of the dollars she got for the use of his name in really stupid AOL deal?
, I would love to represent your husband-you would end up with nothing! And please don't call Tim Armstrong stupid and weak?
Not only is a racist (and boring), he's a really dumb guy!
Thanks.
Deal done--too late dopey!
I agree--is going down with and Patch &amp; hates Tim Armstrong.
Still a buyers market but somewhat fragile. Be sure to calculate the risk of rising rates coming sooner than you think!
Wow, good competition!
Congrats to of for exposing Jason Linkins of as a lightweight dope who gives false information.
refuted every point Karl 1.6% Rove made on the need to defund ObamaCare.Must listen 
I missed the PGA Championship because it was not broadcast by TimeWarner Why arent they giving subscribers major discounts?
I will be on Greta tonight at 10 PM on Fox News.
More on Benghazi cover up: ATTORNEY FOR WHISTLEBLOWER: 400 U.S. MISSILES STOLEN IN BENGHAZI Really bad.
If it doesn't sell, it isn't creative. - David Ogilvy
Looks like Anthony Weiner Is through-most recent poll has him deeply in last place. GOOD NEWS
In Miami tracking s $250M renovations. Will be America's top resort. just signed for 10 yr ext. 
Congrats on #RoadHard raising $1M on, a record.
Once again, it is time to let all time hits leader Pete Rose into the Baseball Hall of Fame. He has paid a big price!
Great!
Thanks!
Thanks!
Thanks!
My honor, thanks!
Carl, keep lt going, I have a lot of Apple stock. Push them to QUICKLY come out with a larger screen for the I-PHone (Samsung)
Very nice, thanks.
#TrumpVine Where is the money ? 
740 Park Avenue is being robbed all over the place--we come down hard on thieves at Trump buildings.
Thanks Dan.
Thanks.
Thanks Kelsey.
Thanks Amie.
Great!
Thanks.
HOUSE LEADERSHIP - ESTABLISH SELECT COMMITTEE ON BENGHAZI. THERE IS A MASSIVE COVERUP.
Thanks.
Good communicators control space. - Roger Ailes, You Are The Message,
Myself with mother and father at New York Military Academy. See, I can be very military. High rank! 
See photo 
My interview with w/destroyed all Sunday competition w/ 2.52M total viewersthats why they want me on!
NIELSEN RATINGS: 1., 2.52 viewers, 6 SHR,1.91RTG,.55 25-54 2.2.24 total viewers, 5 SHR,1.61RTG,.47 25-54
Cant wait for follow up piece discussing my large Sunday news shows ratings win because of my interview!
Obama' ststement on Egypt was terrible and dumb-now being used by military as a rallying cry-our foreign policy is worst in U.S. history.
My motto is: Never give up. I follow this very strictly. I do not let problems and challenges stop me; they are normal.
See problems as a mind exercise. Enjoy the challenge---and remember to keep focused on your goals.
Yes, at Macy's.
Re-build the United.States not places that hate our country and everything we stand for!
So, lets get this right. Steve Jobs dies and leaves his wife everything-billions of dollars. Now his wife has a boyfriend (lover). Oh Steve!
Very cute!
#TrumpVine Opinion on Egypt- 
Be sure to check to see my picks 
Commissioner Ray Kelly has done a top job keeping NYC safe. Stop &amp; Frisk has been a critical tool for the NYPD.
Tomorrow hopes we have learned something from yesterday. - John Wayne
Thanks!
Great place- thanks!
So true!
Thanks!
Interesting!
Thanks
Thank you.
Chicago is a shooting disaster-they should immediately go to STOP AND FRISK. They have no choice, hundreds of lives would be saved!
Our great project in South America, Trump Tower Punta Del Este in Uruguay, will have spectacular views and the... 
.: As someone well versed in job creation and the Private Sector, if you lie on your resume, Youre Fired!
did a horrible job for Mittis a refund in order? Sadly, Stuart is a disaster!
Our country needs to reestablish the work ethic. In NY, welfare pays better than jobs Zero incentive.
NYC is under constant threat from Jihadists &amp; violent criminals. Stop &amp; Frisk keeps streets &amp; subways safe.Stand strong Ray Kelly
Its Tuesday. How many terrible predictions and advice will Karl 1.6% Rove make today?
ObamaCare is an absolute disaster which will destroy 16% of the economy and ultimately more!
I have a very strict gun control policy: if there's a gun around, I want to be in control of it. - Clint Eastwood
Mitt, but Stuart Stevens was terrible.
True--thanks!
.Doing Greta tonight at 10 on Fox-enjoy!
GRETA IN A FEW MINUTES-on Fox.
You must admit that Bryant Gumbel is one of the dumbest racists around - an arrogant dope with no talent. Failed at CBS etc-why still on TV?
If a country wants to rapidly destroy its economy, I have an idea--just put up subsidized wind (cont) 
Had a great time on last night. Greta always does great interviews.
Mar-a-Lago in Palm Beach is one of the most exclusive &amp; elite clubs in the world w/award winning amenities 
Glad to see that the Egyptian Army is releasing Mubarek. As we see, Obama never should have abandoned him. He was an ally.
And so have many others.
NYC politicians better stop pandering--ending stop &amp; frisk would be a disaster. 
Heatwave in Scotland makes wind turbines useless. Big problem, expensive mess.
Congress must defund ObamaCare. It is destroying Medicare and breaking promises to our Seniors, including veterans.
Its Wednesday. How many times will A-Rod sue the today? A-Rod has no one to blame but himself for his predicament.
Happy Birthday!
With Democrats Spitzer, Danger-Weiner &amp; Filner, which party really has the war on women?
Leadership is perhaps the key to getting any job done. - The Art of The Deal
Roger Ailes never called me about your piece on him Gabriel. He is a very smart and secure guy who doesn't need help from me
Thank you John.
One of Obamas greatest failures will be his legacy of making millions completely dependent on government handouts, not work.
Thanks!
Time flies its s 30th anniversary. To celebrate we made this video highlighting its amazing history- 
Thanks!
Thanks, great that you remember, really nice.
Thanks.
If Stop &amp; Frisk is struck down by the pandering NYC politicians, increases in crime &amp; eventual terrorist attacks will be on them.
Thanks!
With the whacko pervert Weiner about to be embarrassed, all women need to be on the lookout. Sexting begins 9.11 12:01 AM
To keep your momentum going you must have intrinsic values as well as monetary values. Know when to give back. - Think Big
Why are people upset w/ me over Pres Obamas birth certificate? I got him to release it, or whatever it was, when nobody else could!
Anyway, Im all about jobs &amp; the economy &amp; making America great again. Were falling fast!
Thanks!
Great Jason!
#FlashbackFriday Trump family- final week of show- is terrific! 
For all of those who have been asking about online sales, the Donald J. Trump Signature Collection ties &amp; shirts are sold 
Happy birthday!
Thanks, it was fun and amazing!
Lightweight NYS Attorney General Eric Schneiderman is trying to extort me with a civil law suit. See website 
Why did failing A.G. Eric Schneiderman, after years of looking, file his pathetic lawsuit on a SATURDAY afternoon (unheard of)? No case!
Why is it that Eric Schneiderman is considered a lightweight by so many and has failed to go after Jon Corzine and big abusers for billions?
Why did lightweight A.G. Eric Schneiderman come to my office on numerous occasions begging for campaign contributions? Also, recent asks?
How can an Attorney General ask for campaign contributions during his evaluation of a case - a total sleazebag!
Wow, l just found out that A.G. Schneiderman met with President Obama in Syracuse on Thursday --- and sued me on Saturday! Same as IRS etc.
Gov. Cuomo's Moreland Comm should be looking at AG Schneiderman shaking down those under investigation/ in litigation for campaign $$$
I really enjoyed doing the show circuit this AM discussing lightweight AG Eric Schneiderman &amp; the terrible job he has done for NY.
Amazing! AG Schneiderman sues a school w/ a 98% approval rating but doesnt go after billion $ fraudsters all over Wall St.
Interesting!
New Obama Scandal Erupts: Trump Targeted 
My int. destroying Schneidermans frivolous suit which he brought after meeting Obama on Thurs. 
Thank you.
I hope the NY tax payer appreciates the millions Schneiderman is about to waste on a small case. I will litigate to victory.
Thanks.
Very cool, thanks.
Has AG Schneiderman been extorting his targets and their lawyers for contributions? We will find out.
There has been a systematic targeting of the Tea Party by the Obama administration. Now Schneiderman goes after me. No coincidence.
See on the cover of ? View the digital edition: 
Kate is donating a #kidney to her husband. You can help! I did #donate
As I predicted long ago, the war in Iraq was a disaster for the U.S. Heading for civil war, there are bombings all over the place.Iran happy
Thanks for your support - I greatly enjoyed your comments on The Five the other day. Best wishes!
I have a dream that our country will be great again! #DreamDay
Thanks Peter.
Thanks Terry.
Interesting.
Blair Miller talks with Donald Trump about Charlotte ventures 
Watch FoxNews, &amp; former prosecutor Doug Burns destroy ridiculous lawsuit 
Young entrepreneurs - in an economic climate like this only the strong survive. You can do it. Think Big!
Congrats to on making first cut. Stay strong and positive! We are all rooting for you.
Congratulations to on The Liberty Amendments debuting at #1 on the NY Times bestseller list. Must read!
Remember, all these freedom fighters in Syria want to fly planes into our buildings.
The misery of Obamas economic policies. US households with unemployed parent was at record high in 2011 
You owe it to yourself and to your community to make your property the best it can be. - Think Like a Billionaire
and discussing my case on 
True.
Happy Birthday Bernice.
I will!
Have the Arab League do it and pay for it.
So true, not even close.
Why would anyone think Obama would attack Syria the day of his speech in Washington. He doesn't want to detract from his press &amp; glory.
I give the President's speech a 7 on the scale of 0 to 10! Not bad but room for improvement!
That said, the rich Arab countries should get involved with the Syrian mess, not us.We should start rebuilding our own country &amp; military.
No, dopey, I would not go into Syria, but if I did it would be by surprise and not blurted all over the media like fools.
I wonder what the great generals like Patton, the big M, or Robert E. LEE would have thought about our stupid broadcasting of an attack?
If we are going to continue to be stupid and go into Syria (watch Russia), as they say in the movies, SHOOT FIRST AND TALK LATER!
Let the Arab League take care of Syria. Why are these rich Arab countries not paying us for the tremendous cost of such an attack?
The United States needs to fix its own problems, of which there are many, first!
Wow, ratings are really low, worst in many years. I guess I'll have to start doing my Tuesday morning interviews with them again!
Thanks!
Thx Mark--I appreciate your words about the school. You sound like you're doing well--happy for you. 
Congress must protect our borders first. Amnesty should be done only if the border is secure and illegal immigration has stopped.
What will we get for bombing Syria besides more debt and a possible long term conflict? Obama needs Congressional approval.
What a shame that s ratings have sunk even lower in 2013. Prime time down 50%. are (cont) 
Thanks.
True.
Thanks Dan.
#TrumpVine A message for my hotel guest, - 
Sometimes you have to take a half step back to take two forward. - 
People are really liking the new ties and shirts -they are amazing and selling great!
In that has with really dumb racist Bryant Gumbel(and I mean dumb), and no CBS (which fired Bryant), I am switching bldgs.
I hope everyone read the brilliant article in American Spectator about leightweight A.G. Eric Schneiderman. He should be run out of office!
I agree, thanks.
Thanks Ben.
Interesting and thanks!
So true!
So, a woman in Chicago, who never had a job, has 9 kids with 7 different men (she is one of many). These kids will never work. Trouble!
Pervert Weiner is dead in his race for mayor of NYC but WOW, Eliot Spitzer has dropped way down in recent poll for comptroller. SLEAZE!
Happy Birthday Deborah.
Is everyone seeing how incompetently our country is being run by watching the mess with Syria? Our leaders don't know what they are doing!
If Obama attacks Syria and innocent civilians are hurt and killed, he and the U.S. will look very bad!
The President must get Congressional approval before attacking Syria-big mistake if he does not!
China is already preparing to benefit economically from this mess. They will pick up the pieces and make yet another fortune-&amp; laugh at us!
Be prepared, there is a small chance that our horrendous leadership could unknowingly lead us into World War III.
Thank you.
Happy birthday.
You have real talent!
Good luck.
President Obama's weakness and indecision may have saved us from doing a horrible and very costly (in more ways than money) attack on Syria!
So true!
The Arab League stated that it wants nothing to do with an attack on Syria, but they want us to attack.Are our leaders insane or just stupid
Why isn't the Arab League paying for everything and sending troops? They want us to do their dirty work with no involvement by themselves!
We have given Syria so much time and information-there has never been such an instance in wartime history. Syria is now fully prepared!
In war, the elememt of surprise is sooooo important.What the hell is Obama doing.
Thanks!
After Arsenio won Celebrity Apprentice he told me, in tears, that I would be his first guest if he got a show. No interest!
Our country is looking very bad right now!
If the U.S. attacks Syria and hits the wrong targets, killing civilians, there will be worldwide hell to pay. Stay away and fix broken U.S.
Think of it, the Arab League doesn't want to get involved with Syria - but they want us to do their dirty work. How stupid!
I applaud Columbia, South Carolina for cleaning up biz center Will cut crime &amp; advance commerce.
Enjoy the ratings of President Obama. 
China, OPEC and Russia laugh at us. But now thanks to Obama so does Syria. Very sad!
I am giving away money. Check the crowdfunding site Raise money for anything!
A big key to winning is knowing where the other side is coming from. - Think Like a Champion
How can General Martin Dempsey tell Obama that delaying the Syria bombardment will have no consequences? He is no Patton or MacArthur.
Thanks.
Elections have consequences. Obama just published final regulations for ObamaCares individual mandate Enjoy!
Representing your own brand yourself is the best way to go. If you cant sell it, who will? - Midas Touch
From the great author of Rich Dad, Poor Dad-- Robert Kiyosaki-- here is a very nice article. 
The great GENERALS MacArthur and Patton, real leaders and fighters, are spinning in their graves as we give Syria info &amp; time to prepare.
What I am saying is stay out of Syria.
For all of those fools that want to attack Syria, the U.S.has lost the vital element of surprise-so stupid-could be a disaster!
Soon.
Congratulations to on winning TV Personality Of The Year. Piers deserves his success!
Many Syrian rebels are radical Jihadis. Not our friends &amp; supporting them doesn't serve our national interest. Stay out of Syria!
Happy New Year to all of my Jewish friends and supporters. Shana Tova. Hopefully it will be a great year!
Thanks.
To keep momentum, keep challenging yourself. - Think Big
I hear this moron said nasty things about me (hair etcboring) on the terminated show. Stupid guy/bad ratings!
Send it to me in New York, Doug! Thanks.
Jay Leno and his people are constantly calling me to go on his show. My answer is always no because his show sucks. They love my ratings!
Is Anthony Weiner a jerk or what!
Very true!
Thank you.
President Obama put himself in a very bad position when he talked about Syria crossing the RED LINE. Amazingly, now he denies he said that!
The only reason President Obama wants to attack Syria is to save face over his very dumb RED LINE statement. Do NOT attack Syria,fix U.S.A.
While everyone is waiting and prepared for us to attack Syria, maybe we should knock the hell out of Iran and their nuclear capabilities?
AGAIN, TO OUR VERY FOOLISH LEADER, DO NOT ATTACK SYRIA - IF YOU DO MANY VERY BAD THINGS WILL HAPPEN &amp; FROM THAT FIGHT THE U.S. GETS NOTHING!
I have just lost my beautiful &amp; elegant long time exec. assistant Norma Foerderer. She passed away yesterday - a truly magnificent woman.
It will be interesting to see what happens to Eliot Spitzer if he loses the election for Comptroller to very capable 
That would mean that Eliot Spitzer has failed at everything he's done--politics, TV &amp; even real (cont) 
If President Obama was going to attack Syria, he shouldve done it a long time ago as a surprise &amp; not after (cont) 
Must read by : Congress Should Vote No on Syria 
A 40mph gust of wind wrecked a wind turbine in Scotland Any turbine in close proximity to a school must go!
Russia is sending a fleet of ships to the Mediterranean. Obamas war in Syria has the potential to widen into a worldwide conflict.
In January '12, 3 turbines were wrecked in rough weather... 
If you plan for the worst - if you can live with the worst - the good will always take care of itself. - The Art of the Deal
We should not attack Syria but if they make the stupid move to do so, the Arab League,whose members are laughing at us, should pay!
The terrorists in Syria are calling themselves REBELS and getting away with it because our leaders are so completely stupid!
Did you ever see a situation so ridiculous as our President explaining what, when and where to Congress about a Syrian attack. Far too late!
We don't have the leadership, including the Generals (who just said the element of surprise does not matter) to attack anyone! Cool it.
Really bad news just announced concerning jobs. Far fewer jobs created in August than anticipated. Interest rates, therefore, to remain low.
I am not angry at Russia (or China) because their leaders are far smarter than ours. We need real leadership, and fast,before it is too late
The historic $250M renovations at are moving on pace. Once complete, will be South Floridas premiere resort.
BLT Prime coming to Trumps Doral resort 
Many of the Syrian rebels are radical jihadi Islamists who are murdering Christians. Why would we ever fight with them?
Obama is not a leader, he's just a campaigner!
Do you want to know who you are? Don't ask. Act! Action will delineate and define you. - Thomas Jefferson
Any political leader who wont face the future head on is putting the American Dream at risk. - The America We Deserve
When we have big disasters, no one comes to our aid or even suggests helping - but we are always expected to come to the aid of others!
If Syria was forced to use Obamacare they would self-destruct without a shot being fired. Obama should sell them that idea!
Just watching NBC News where our potential attack is being detailed-the exact ships, the stealth bombers, the destinations-so ridiculous!
Syria has been given so much time that much of the things we were going to bomb have been moved into civilian areas! A polititian's war.
I'm a Republican but not a fan of the last George Bush-he also was a lousy President (Iraq etc.). In fact, he was so bad he gave us Obama!
Thank you, but we are dealing with many very stupid people!
Speaking of our very stupid war with Iraq, it is totally disintegrating and Iran (with Russia) will walk in and take it over (lots of oil)!
Isn't it intetesting that anybody who attacks President Obama is considered a racist by the real racists out there!
My shirts, ties and suits are selling great because they are the best and most stylish at a really reasonable price - thanks!
Great looking couple-good to have him back!
Great!
You need both, thanks.
Doing a commercial for - lots of fun! 
The New York Giants are looking really bad so far tonight. Does not get much worse than this!
Also, great comeback by the New York Jets. That game was over until a really dumb defensive play by Tampa. Amazing.
Doing Fox &amp; Friends at 7 A.M.
Don't attack Syria - an attack that will bring nothing but trouble for the U.S. Focus on making our country strong and great again!
#TheView Lots of fun on with and -
Ernie--You are doing a great job with #autismsupport--glad to help. See you at Trump National, Jupiter.
Adopt the Arts campaign at ensures that an underfunded public school has music and arts programs 
Downtown Manhattans trendiest hotel, -- 46 stories of luxurious rooms, fine dining &amp; The Spa 
Congratulations to on her superb win. She is terrific!
Now Obama has set red line 2 with demand that Assad hands over Syrias chemical weapons or it will face an attack.
This week will mark the 1 year anniversary of the attack in Benghazi that left 4 Americans dead. No answers!
Iraq has granted Iran full air rights to fly over and arm Syria. What did America accomplish with the Iraq war? And now Syria?!
Our economy is in trouble. The unemployed are more likely to drop out of the workforce than find a job. We need growth-- and now!
So much for global warming. Earth is cooling at a record pace 
It is hard to fail, but it is worse never to have tried to succeed. -Theodore Roosevelt
If you weren't such a dumb racist moron with bad ratings you would know I never filed for bankruptcy,now worth over $10 billion dummy
Dumb as a rock Toure doesn't have a clue about money or anything else-merely a simpleton racist.Really bad ratings,really stupid guy
Why does a network allow a stupid racist like Toure to stay on the air when his ratings are so abysmal! Can there be only one reason
He is not smart enough to understand!
I'll be going to the Old Post Office Building on Pennsylvania Avenue in D.C. today. Will create one of world's great hotels. Lots of jobs!
Arsenio, may your run be long, successful and important-just be yourself and you will be a smash! Good luck.
This George Zimmerman is really a mess - he really has to just disappear! (He attacked his wife last night).
#TrumpVine from D.C.- 
Heading down to D.C. 
We deserve all the answers on Benghazi! 
For all of my millions of followers, and at your request, I will be tweeting tonight during President Obamas speech! 9pm ET
Obama and Kerry are bungling Syria by the hour. They have set Americas deterrence &amp; stature back by years. Amateurs!
Want to take a quiz with me? Download the app and watch on Monday at 8/7c on 
Assad will never give up his chemical weapons. He has spent years and billions accumulating them. This is all a ruse.
Olivia=a total winner!
MSNBC'S TOUR HAS EPIC RACE-BAITING MELTDOWN ON CNN It's Toure's modus operandi. He is so angry.
Thank you.
In order to stay competitive in your industry, it is imperative to keep up to date on all news. A great commodity is information.
Danger-Weiner is a free man at 12:01AM. He will be back sexting with a vengeance. All women remain on alert.
It will be great &amp; produce many jobs.
The Russians are playing a very smart game. In the meantime they are buying lots of time for Syria and making U.S. look foolish. Dangerous!
This new Russian strategy guarantees victory for the Syrian government-and makes Obama and U.S. look hopelessly bad. President in trouble!
Here we go!
Does he look sharp, smart and presidential-his hands keep hitting the podium, making a loud and distracting noise-microphone too sensitive.
Doesn't want to remove Assad - worries what comes next.
He is working hard and for that he must be given credit!
We will have to see what Russia's next move will be. They may have given him an out of an embarrassing situation or drove into deeper mess!
I fought hard against Spitzer and Weiner, and both lost. For a while, when Spitzer was way up, it seemed that I was a lone voice! Good power
Lightweight A.G. Eric Schneiderman asked us for political contributions DURING his investigation of us,then sued for $40 million.Dopey guy!
Lightweight Attorney General Eric Schneiderman will be next to lose. He goes after a school with a 98% approval rating,leaves biggies alone
The only reason Obama gave a speech last night was because it was on the schedule-Putin is laughing and the reviews have been really bad!
Back to work for the President to try and keep some dignity for the office and himself. The so-called rebels must be thoroughly confused!
Assad hit the jackpot!
Spitzer and Weiner lost, lightweight Eric Schneiderman will be next - he will be challenged in the PRIMARY. He has done a really poor job!
I said that Eliot Spitzer was going to lose when he was way up in the polls. I fought him when others retreated out of fear. NEVER GIVE UP!
Putin is having such a good time. Our President is making him look like the genius of all geniuses. Do not fear,we are a NATION OF POTENTIAL
Obama must now start focusing on OUR COUNTRY, jobs, healthcare and all of our many problems. Forget Syria and make America great again!
Great!
Thanks!
Donald, Ivanka Trump say DCs Old Post Office Pavilion will be 1 of countrys finest hotels 
God bless all the brave souls who perished 12 years ago today. You will never be forgotten!
An ad hoc interview I filmed with a German journalist at Ground Zero hours after the attack 
Donald Trump Jr., Ivanka Trump, Eric Trump, and myself in front of The Old Post Office, D.C. on Pennsylvania... 
A year ago today a diplomat and 3 security operatives were abandoned by our government while they were under attack. Never forget!
Thanks.
Why is oil at a record high? OPEC &amp; the oil speculators continue to rip us off.
Take calculated risks. That is quite different from being rash. - George S. Patton
Never Give Up--How I turned my biggest challenges into success.
I would like to extend my best wishes to all, even the haters and losers, on this special date, September 11th.
Putin's letter is a masterpiece for Russia and a disaster for the U.S. He is lecturing to our President.Never has our Country looked to weak
I will be doing #GDNY Good Day N.Y. with Rosanna &amp;Greg live at 8.30 A.M. I will be giving money to a great guy who lost his son in the WTC.
Tina Brown could finally be over. is a total failure. She just got fired, great!
is claiming that she decided to leave the Sure, just like every other magazine that fired her.
At least is consistent. She takes over a magazine and it ends up in the gutter.
Named best golf course in the world by, Trump Int'l Golf Links Scotland is a 7,400 yd par 72 
Must read piece by : Obama's Diplomatic Acrobatics 
Now Assad is demanding that Obama stop supporting the rebels before he turns over his chemical weapons. What a mess!
NO GAMES! HOUSE MUST DEFUND OBAMACARE! IF THEY DONT, THEN THEY OWN IT!
manager Joe Girardi is a gritty leader who stands up for his players. Doing a great job!
Trust your instincts, especially if they are well honed. - Midas Touch
Most people do not know what Presient Obama is going to do to save his legacy. I do! He's got to get back to basics.Forget Syria-FIX THE USA
We should stop talking, stay out of Syria and other countries that hate us, rebuild our own country and make it strong and great again-USA!
Thanks Jan!
Great going, congrats!
Mark - thanks for remembering.
Prayers go out to the victims of the terrible fire in New Jersey. Stay strong and remember it will soon get better.
Obama is now warning North Korea on the Yongbyon nuclear reactor After Syria, our enemies are laughing!
I truly hope President Obama doesn't do something irrational and dangerous for our country in order to save face. He must sit back and chill
Just remember, Arsenio wouldn't be back at all if it were not for Donald J. Trump - he admits that - he will do great!
New York Fashion Week is really bad, and used to be so glamorous and exciting! No stars, no fun-just boring. They need serious help. #NYFW
My prediction of Floyd is looking good!
GREAT FIGHT FLOYD - YOU SHOWED THEM ALL ONCE AGAIN!
The judge who called the fight a draw should be thrown out of boxing-it wasn't even close. She is incompetent (or worse)
You wedding at Trump National was one of the most beautiful I have ever seen - more importantly, an amazing couple!
I cant believe my friend Derek Jeter is out for whole season--injured day he left Trump World Tower. Lucky bldg.-- Move back fast!
Congrats to on being awarded the prestigious 'Eagle Award for Amnesty Reporting' 
Great column by David Bossie at : A Battle Won but the War Continues to Defund ObamaCare 
Bashar Assad is stronger today than he was before Obama threatened military action. Obama really bungled this.
Michigan has made great progress under Snyder-Calley. is out early energizing the grassroots. Keep it up! #JoinMITeam
has great ratings-I told you so. He should pay me at least 25% of his earnings because he would be nowhere without Donald Trump
The Navy Yard shooting is a horrible disaster. If we don't clean up OUR COUNTRY of the garbage soon, we are just going to do a death spiral!
American Exceptionalism and the Navy Yard shooting do not go hand in hand. Foreign countries, in particular Russia, are mocking the U.S.
The Costa Concordia shipwreck is a MONUMENT TO STUPIDITY but the uprighting of the ship is a MONUMENT TO GENIUS!
Keep focusing on doing what you love, even if times are tough. - Think Big
Thanks Sean, keep up the good work!
There are great campaigns on Be sure to take a look and donate to one today.
Video of my day at The Old Post Office- soon to be the most fabulous hotel! 
Everyone should calm down. is going to do a great job as Batman.
Becoming an entrepreneur is a personal-development program. If you grow personally, your business will grow. - Midas Touch
Just returned from Trump Doral in Miami. Massive construction job. When completed will be the best resort in U.S. Blue Monster is amazing!
#Defund Obamacare!
Lightweight A.G. Eric Schneiderman sued school with a 98% approval rating while billions in corruption goes unpunished. A total crook?
Lightweight A.G. Eric Schneiderman is perhaps the most incompetent and least respected A.G. in the U.S. He is a total joke!
Great game last week, your team really needed you!
Send his info to my office.
Yes.
Your not free, you'll never be free. You'll be back (if you ever left) because you can't help yourself!
I cannot believe that Apple didn't come out with a larger screen IPhone. Samsung is stealing their business. STEVE JOBS IS SPINNING IN GRAVE
Better get a large screen iPhone, and fast, or risk losing even more business. Samsung cannot believe you have not acted! DUMB!
Lightweight Schneiderman's suit was filed on a Saturday (unheard of) against a school with a 98% approval rating right after Obama meeting.
Amazing engineering accomplishment that does not make economic sense.
My comments on a larger screen iPhone were in addition to existing unit, not a replacement. Screen should be 10% larger than Samsung.
As a stockholder in Apple, they should get on with a larger screen iPhone as a supplementimmediately.
- dont worry about Liam. You can do much better and you have plenty of timeremain strong!
President Obama seems so fawning and desperate to make a deal with Iran that lots of bad results can occur. Be cool and be careful!
President Obama must remember that the worst thing you can do in a deal is seem desperate to make it. Be cool, move slowly - and think! IRAN
Move slowly, carefully --- and then strike like the fastest animal on the planet!
Yes, she is FANTASTIC!
Congratulations to on standing strong and tying government shutdown to defunding ObamaCare.
Americans by &amp; large hate ObamaCare. They see Obama lied to get it passed. They see big business &amp; govt got waivers. Defund!
Hi Lexxay.
Thanks Cathy.
If you include people who have left the work force, unemployment rate is 15%. Labor participation rate is lowest in 70 yrs.
Opening in 2016, Trump Tower Punta del Este will bring our signature luxury living to the sands of Playa Brava 
The Donald J. Trump Signature Collection, exclusively available, offers the finest style in menswear 
One man with courage is a majority. - Thomas Jefferson
An important part of my (or anybody's) success is the ability to judge people. I believe that is a really good person.
Republicans must unite to defund Obamacare - it will drive our country into oblivion and, by the way, the healthcare is no good anyway!
Thank you, it is great. You have real talent!
Happy birthday!
Really good, thanks M.
Thanks.
Big things going on today at Trump National-Westchester!
Referees are destroying the enjoyment of NFL games. Slowing down the fun. Big shots. Jets game is ridiculous!
Is it the Neil Patrick Harris show or the Emmy Awards? How was he ever put in this position to start with? CRAZY!
The Emmys are sooooo boring! Terrible show. I'm going to watch football! I already know the winners. Good night.
Trump Power 
Congratulations to on being named Power Player of the Week. Ivanka is doing a great job w/ DC Post Office.
Mariano Rivera is greatest closer of all time. A leader in the club house &amp; an exceptional man. One of the best in history.
Americans nationwide have their premiums double and work hours decreased. must do the right thing, stand strong &amp; defund!
Obamas coal regulations will destroy the coal industry, put Americans out of work, raise electricity prices &amp; lead to blackouts.
I am a defender of, who I think is a good person (and not because she stays at my hotels), but last night's outfit must go!
is on a very triky and slippery path right now.The right moves will lead to greatness, the wrong moves to oblivion! GUIDANCE.
seeks my advice on prenups, tonight at 9 PM on Bravo
Veteran Military Dogs campaign seeks to rehabilitate veteran K9s and find them a home 
Congrats to Team USA &amp; Capt. for retaining the PGA Cup! Well done and well deserved!
Obama promised premiums would lower $2,500/yr for family of 4. In truth, healthcare will increase by $7,450 
Less than one week away from implementation, ObamaCares small business exchanges are not ready! A disaster!
Its a shame the ruling class of Republicans dont attack Obama and the Democrats the way they hit Senators Cruz &amp; Lee.
Take the time to move yourself forward. In other words, think, work and be lucky. - Think Like a Champion
If winning isn't everything, why do they keep score? - Vince Lombardi
NeNe asks me for advice and I am happy to oblige. Tonight at 9.00 on Bravo (and watch her ratings go through the roof!).
If Justice Roberts had made the correct decision on ObamaCare, our country would not be in turmoil right now!
Can you believe the head of Iran refused to meet with our great President? Zero respect!
Remember what I previously said--Obama will someday attack Iran in order to show how tough he is.
Obama wanted to meet with the Iranian president, yet the Iranians denied the request. So much for Hope &amp; Change.
If ObamaCare is so amazing, then why is Obama delaying significant parts of the bill before the election? #MakeDCListen
Dorya to introduce Trump Home high-end furniture 
The shale boom is saving our economy Good for jobs, national security &amp; trade balance. Frack Now &amp; Frack Fast!
ObamaCare will increase individual market premiums by 99% for men and 62% for women DEFUND!! #MakeDCListen
In real estate, all locations can be enhanced through good marketing. Be smart!
The world is changing very fast. Big will not beat small anymore. It will be the fast beating the slow. - 
Partner with people who share your values, attitude and drive. - Midas Touch with 
New York Unveils $50 Million Presidential Penthouse 
Happy belated birthday wishes to Barbara is terrific!
Uniforms 4 Everyone campaign has a $3,000 goal to buy underprivileged kids school uniforms 
Winner of the 5 Star Diamond Award, s two courses grace over 600 acres on the Potomac River 
Both Obama administration and House leadership staffs are exempt from ObamaCare. Why not the American people? #MakeDCListen
7 million Americans are going to lose their jobs due to ObamaCare. 46 million face 300% premium increases. DEFUND! #MakeDCListen
A very good way to pave your own way to success is simply to work hard and to be diligent - Think Like a Champion
The big golf course project on the water by the Whitestone Bridge in NYC that has been under construction for many years now complete-GREAT!
To be called Trump Links at Ferry Point, course will be GREAT and, over the years, hold many tournaments and major championships-$'s to NYC.
Credit the Bloomberg administration for having the foresight and courage to get this decades old project finished - will be BIG for NY.
Good point, yes!
Yes, this is a large scale version of when I built and saved the ice skating rink in Central Park (which all should go to). Great course!
I am so happy that I was able to do something really good for the Bronx - and lots of jobs!
Thanks and true!
For all of those who have been asking about online sales, the Donald J. Trump Signature Collection ties &amp; shirts are sold 
You have to believe in what you want. Keep your focus, keep your momentum--and remain patient and persistent.
Our country needs leadership now. There is total dysfunction in Washington.
On Monday, ObamaCare kicks in with all goodies of 300% increased premiums, higher taxes and part-time replacement employees.
Spanish version of ObamaCare website delayed Hitting google translate apparently too complicated. #MakeDCListen
Obstacles are those frightful things you see when you take your eyes off your goal. - Henry Ford
Re negotiation: Know exactly what you want and keep it to yourself. Think about what the other side wants and where they're coming from.
Iran is toying with our president - buying time and laughing at the stupidity of our leadership. Syria, and now this! What's next?
Our country and it's leadership has to be so careful and so smart - these are treacherous times, like no other. The world is a crazy place!
Obamacare is far toooo expensive, far toooo complicated (thousands of pages) and, most importantly, doesn't work. WE CAN DO MUCH BETTER!
With proper thinking and leadership, we can have a much better plan than Obamacare - something that works for the people and costs much less
Thanks Karlie!
Cute boy, nice.
Thank you Danyella-if you would like to work there call Jackie in my office (NY).
Thank you!
Thanks!
No one wants the government to shut down, but if ObamaCare is fully implemented then our country will eventually shutdown anyway!
The commodity market is extremely fragile. Be wary of investing right now. The futures are way too dependent on the Fed.
Trump Int'l Hotel &amp; Tower Vancouver's original twisting design gives every unit a distinct view A landmark!
Happy Birthday!
Thanks Larry--and you, too, are truly one of a kind!
Dee Dee-- Great seeing you You are really having a positive impact--don't ever stop.
Since stop &amp; frisk was struck down, gun shootings &amp; victims have spiked-- while gun seizures have decreased. 
Integrity is the essence of everything successful. - Richard Buckminster Fuller
Rated Torontos #1 hotel, the 65-story 5 Star is located in the heart of the citys finest attractions 
Obama &amp; the Democrats want this shutdown. They think it helps their electoral prospects for 2014. Dont believe!
Obama has not passed a single budget in 4 years. Democrats dont even vote them in Congress. He has failed to lead!
Thanks.
It was an honor to be inaugural guest on her new show The Real Story. Gretchen will be a big success!
Nice guy needs your help to make his bad guy movie Directors Cut--&gt; 
Remember when Obama promised you can keep your health care plan? Not in these 10 states. Another lie.
There have been 17 shutdowns since 1976, 14 under Reagan and Bush with Democrat Congresses who wanted more spending.
It is crucial for Republicans to remain united during this shutdown
Face reality as it is, not as it was or as you wish it to be. - 
Wow, three top MICROSOFT investors want Bill Gates out as Chairman. Do not like job he is doing!
New York State's lightweight A.G. is driving business &amp; jobs out of N.Y. Look into his past-he shouldn't even be allowed to hold office!
#1. Be passionate--you have to love what you're doing to be successful at it.
#3. Cover your bases. Know everything you can about what you're doing.
Sorry banks, when we accused lightweight AG Eric Schneiderman of not going after banks, he started going after banksbut years too late!
Congrats new Fox show debuts w/ very strong ratings Guess who her first guest was? Donald Trump.
s UN address was a strong statement to the world that will not allow Iran to get nuclear weapons.
The ObamaCare disaster is in full swing. Websites are down, people cant sign up and elderly cant understand the lingo.
Democrats refused to vote down their ObamaCare subsidy. While Americans will be hit w/ rising premiums, Washington wont feel any pain
Young entrepreneurs across the US are trying to make deals &amp; build businesses daily. Stay positive, think big &amp; big things will happen
A-Rods appeal will go nowhere. He will get a long suspension. Good for the And sends strong message to players.
Stocks rose yesterday during the first day of government shutdown. Markets like being left alone for a day.
Study: Insurance costs to soar under Obamacare Men in NC get 305% hike. Women in NE suffer an average 237% hike.
Thank you.
Tell your son congrats--great round on really tough course.
Spring of '15.
They must go to a larger screen.
I agree.
Thanks, what a mess.
The most elite private club in the world, Mar-a-Lago, is Palm Beachs legendary landmark. 
Know from inside out that you have the power to succeed and you will. Thats taking control. - Think Like a Champion
My friend Larry King asked me to do an interview with himhe was always great to me&amp; I agreed. Watch tonight 9 PM on RTV.
On the shores of the Lake Norman, features a world-class course designed by 
Moderate Repubs plotting against strategy have short term memories. Tea Party gave them majority in House &amp; primaries aren't fun.
Obama and the Democrats have no respect for WWII vets trying to get into the memorial.
s continued incompetence has led to more people losing their jobs She's a perpetual job loser.
Obama administration had 4 years to prepare for the ObamaCare rollout. And of course they failed miserably.
Great effort springs naturally from great attitude. - Pat Riley
Great ruling on wind farm in Scotlandvery smart judge! Front page article. 
Thanks.
Just read s bestseller bookreally great!
So true!
Thanks!
My #Politicking interview w/on the govt. shutdown, ObamaCare, Putin, 2016 and 
Total misnomer to call ObamaCare The Affordable Care Act. Affordable for whom besides big businesses &amp; Congress w/their exemptions?
Obama has unilaterally &amp; unconstitutionally drawn 4 ObamaCare exemptions for his friends. All wants is (cont) 
Congrats to on the success of the new smash show Fantastic suspense. Great acting. Must see TV!
Must read editorial today about lightweight New York State Attorney General Eric Schneiderman. Is he a crook? 
When will lightweight hack Attorney General be investigated for his repeated prosecutorial misconduct?
While the Pres. of Iran tweets sweet nothings to Obama he forbids the Iranians to use twitter. Very revealing.
Trumps Are Giving A Makeover 
Compete with yourself to be the best you can be. - Think Like a Champion
While I never ran, I thank you. Let's see what happens in the future!
The Obama Administration has a very important duty to provide a budget - and then negotiate! OUR COUNTRY is a laughingstock!
An iconic building and top tourist attraction, sets New York Citys luxury standard &amp; great food!
Standing strong for his people, is ignoring the Feds and keeping all Wisconsin parks open. Great!
Obama is tougher on WWII vets wanting to visit a DC memorial than Iran. He needs to show respect to our vets and not play games.
83% of the government is still running during the shutdown while 41% of nondefense federal workers are furloughed. Room for cuts.
We build too many walls and not enough bridges. - Isaac Newton
With the debt limit approaching, has even more leverage. If they stay united and on message they can win.
My sense is that people are far angrier at the President than they are at Congress re the shutdownan interesting turn!
President should not be telling the Washington Redskins to change their name-our country has far bigger problems! FOCUS on them,not nonsense
Thank you.
True.
Expect the best from people. They will rise to the challenge and it's important to inspire confidence.
If you are steadfast in your efforts and self respect, critics will be harmless. Keep your focus!
has leverage. Must stay united &amp; on message.
Had a great time on s inaugural 7PM show. Congrats to Greta on the new spot!
The new reality, China and Japan are warning us not to default Reckless government spending has made us weak.
Did you ever think our country would become an economic basket case? So much for Hope &amp; Change.
The White House has just admitted Al Qaeda was involved in Benghazi What about the video tape?
In my opinion, one of the worst utility companies in the country is Florida Power and Light.
With President Obama it's all talk and no action. Our country is in desperate need of smart and decisive leadership before it is too late!
I notice, thanks Genall!
It is outrageous and disgusting that families of U.S. MILITARY personnel killed in action will not be given money for burials. SAD!
If the U.S. Government doesn't give the money necessary for the burials of our military personnel, I will.The U.S. under Obama's leadership!
Dont emphasize the problem so much-emphasize the solution. Its a mindset that works. - Think Like a Champion
At 96 stories above Michigan Avenue, if youre not staying at the 5 star then youre in its shadow 
Entrepreneurs who develop their Midas Touch do not work for money. They work to create or acquire assets. Focus on assets.
You miss 100% of the shots you don't take. - Wayne Gretzky
I pay millions of $s a year to Florida Power &amp; Light &amp; they cant give us what we want. Maybe a major class action suit against them?
Re Florida Power &amp; LightMost important is safety but they have to also cater to aesthetics &amp; not ruin the beauty of Florida.
My advice to you regarding momentum is definitive: Get yours going! - Think Like a Champion
Great!
Thank you.
Thank you.
Obama can open the Mall for illegals to protest our country yet he continues to barricade WWII memorial. Thats an absolute disgrace.
Obamas job approval is at 37%, a record low. &amp; have the leverage &amp; momentum. Delay ObamaCare for all Americans!
Obama is the most profligate deficit &amp; debt spender in our nations history. Doubled debt (cont) 
If you dont treat yourself like royalty, no one else will. is Honolulu's most luxurious hotel 
Ill be doing show tonight on CNN at 9 PM. Will be very interesting. (I hope!)
I will be on tonight at 9PM. 
Watch CNN tonight as Piers and I discuss Obama, SHUTDOWN, leadership and many other topics of interest - 9 PM - 10 minutes!
Your family and dad are great-your mother must have been amazing!
Tell John he is a total winner!
Thank you.
Jack Welch thinks Sam Palmisano, retired CEO of IBM, should be the next CEO of MICROSOFT. Interesting!
Problems, setbacks, mistakes &amp; losses are all part of life. We shouldn't be shocked if and when they happen. - Think Like a Champion
Lightweight is pushing for the Moreland Commission to be disbanded immediatelybecause he is being looked at!
, a highly overrated architect, has had many problems with buildings he designed downtown--&amp; others!
I wouldnt use to design a doghouse, let alone a house or building!
Why is Douglas Durst allowed to use the World Trade Center to get out of a lease with Conde Nast?
Personally, I think Douglas Dursts brother got screwed by Douglasno wonder hes angry!
Quickly.
Weekly jobless claims soared to 21.5%, a 6 month high ObamaCare, the greatest job killer in US history.
How do you spend over $635M on websites and they don't work?
Many countries including allies already see China as world superpower We have greatest military, yet no respect
Thanks.
Thank you.
True!
Thank you and true!
Thank you.
Great news!
I know a great deal about websites etc. but I am unable to understand how our government spent $635 million on the ObamaCare site-&amp; disaster
Somebody got rich building the ObamaCare website which doesn't even come close to working - where has the money gone?
Thank you!
Happy birthday to my baby - and keep up the great work at school. We are all proud of you!
Thank you Christine.
Great.
You have to have passion for your work. That's crucial. Then focus on it and don't give up.
As an addition, Apple must go to a larger screen now--asap! They're losing their standing in the market!
Thanks.
Thank you.
Thanks.
Thanks--
New look for Blue Monster:signature golf course is more challenging &amp; fan friendlier 
Perhaps--no decision yet.
Thank you for your great confidence! OUR STATE, LIKE OUR COUNTRY, IS IN SERIOUS TROUBLE. Keep up the good fight.
So nice, thank you.
My beautiful daughter Ivanka just had a healthy baby boy. Jared and Ivanka are very proud!
Thanks to all for the wonderful congratulation sent to me on the birth of Ivanka's little boy - so nice!
Experience, knowledge, &amp; prescience are a formidable combination of powers. Do not underestimate any of them. Think Like a Champion
Happy Birthday!
Al Qaeda terrorist Al Libi was immediately read his rights &amp; is now being treated for pre-existing medical (cont) 
Trump Links will be a great championship golf course that will host many major tournaments and bring tremendous $'s &amp; prestige to N.Y.C.!
Trump Golf Links at Ferry Point will host many major championships over the years. Great thing for NYCcongratulations to all!
Just left Trump Golf Links at Ferry Point. Ribbon cutting w/&amp; was spectacular. Lots of people &amp; jobs!
was just rated Best Room Service in LV by The Daily Meal. Congrats to my Las Vegas staff! 
Thank you.
Thanks.
So nice, thank you.
True and thanks.
What a great day it was yesterday showing the public Trump Links at Ferry Point. I took over a disaster and made it GREAT! Good job to all!
I'm glad that Mark Cuban won the ridiculous case with the S.E.C. It never should have been brought in the first place!
Remember, if you don't pat yourself on the back, nobody else will. Take credit for your successes and don't let others forget!!!!!!
Read 'Midas Touch' -- great book for entrepreneurs. Good luck!
Read 'Midas Touch' -- great book for entrepreneurs. Good luck!
Entrepreneurship is engine of American success. I bring it to crowdfunding w/ $1M RECORD reward 
Obama administration is killing American industrial renaissance by stopping drilling and fracking. Terrible for economy.
Apple must make the IPhone screen bigger. Losing major market share.
A winning attitude will put everything in perspective. Keep negative thoughts and people where they belong--out of the big picture.
Gain and use information to your advantage--see every day as an opportunity to learn.
I'm on the David Letterman tonight--looking forward to it. 11:35 PM on CBS.
Thanks for all of the great support but I just don't see myself wanting to run for Governor of New York - I have something else in mind!
The contract to build the ObamaCare website was given to a CANADIAN company for $55, 744, 081. It then bloated to $292, 071,067 INCOMPETENCE
I build beautiful websites with very smart and imaginative people for almost NOTHING. OUR GOVERNMENT SPENT ALMOST $535, 000, 000 for NOTHING
ObamaCare website fiasco was a SINGLE bid to a Canadian company - terrible!
So nice, thank you.
The 2013 MISS UNIVERSE Pageantwill take place in Russia for the very first time in the 62 year history of the contest.
This will be one of the biggest and most beautiful Miss Universe events ever.
Honored to be attending Rev. s 95th birthday. His life &amp; work has brought hope &amp; faith to millions worldwide.
Can you imagine a Canadian company developing our website? Terrible way to put Americans back to work.
Our country is being run by total amateurs. Lets just call it amateur hour.
s sales are so dismal that w/ its record 2013 losses it is going bi-weekly Should end pain &amp; just fold.
I love watching the dishonest writers suffer the magazines failure.
No surprise Saudis turned down spot on UN Security Council. They dont want responsibility. Just have us do their heavy lifting.
Wow, China's growth accelerated 7.8% in third quarter. If the U.S. had half that number we would be the talk of the World - need leadership
A terrible statement like that shows how desperate you and your magazine are. You should be ashamed.
No wonder is doing so poorly, with an idiot Sr. Editor like, it will only get worse!
I hope everyone that read reprehensible statement will cancel their subscription to in protest. Let me know.
Thomas, you will be a fantastic host of the Miss Universe Pageant live from Moscow on Nov 9. Great doing your show today!
Secy. Sebelius, who was responsible for the horrendous ObamaCare rollout, should resign or be fired.Refuses to go before Congress to explain
Just like its website, ObamaCare is a disaster.Maybe all those who are fighting it are wasting their time-it will fail on its own!
Wow, numbers are really looking bad at New York Magazine. While very boring, it is also very biased. Too bad, was once great!
Can you imagine a top editor at New York Magazine calling for my death-if they were responsible, he would be fired! Totally biased.
THE ROLLOUT OF OBAMACARE IS A TOTAL DISASTER AND AN EMBARRASSMENT TO OUR COUNTRY. THE WORLD IS WATCHING AND LAUGHING.$635,000,000 WEBSITE!
Good question!
Very nice, best wishes!
Why doesn't President Obama just get the people from Google to fix the failed website. In fact, why didn't he use them in the first place!
I would bet that we have many great American technology companies that would build and fix the pathetic ObamaCare website for ZERO dollars!
Doing Fox and Friends in two minutes!
Thank you, good luck.
Trump Intl Hotel &amp; Tower Chicago is one of very few hotels in No. America w/ a 5 Star, 5 Diamond Hotel &amp; a 5 Star, 5 Diamond Restaurant...
Sixteen is winning accolades and is a destination point restaurantdont miss it!
Great, thanks.
magazine is doing so poorly that they make even look good. Graydon Carter shouldve been fired a long time ago.
Hi Ryan.
Thanks, good luck.
Thanks.
Trump eyes PGA tour for Dubai golf course 
Help fund s new show American Made on John is on today re project.
Wheres the global warming? 2013 was one of the least extreme years in weather on record 
Winner of the 5 Star Diamond Award, brings luxury &amp; elite amenities to LA's top public golf course 
On November 9th comes to Moscow! Hosted by the wonderful duo of &amp; in Crocus City Hall!
Message to Edward Snowden, youre banned from Unless you want me to take you back home to face justice!
Great, thanks!
Donald Trump: Americas Entrepreneur Wow--thank you to Jeffrey Lord &amp; !
Looking forward to receiving the T. Boone Pickens Entrepreneur Award at tomorrows Robert L. Bartley Gala dinner.
America is too great for small dreams.  Pres. Ronald Reagan
Have time to waste? Go to the ObamaCare website.
Breaking news - The Washington Redskins have just announced that they will be removing the name Washington from their name!
Honestly, whether you're for or against ObamaCare, the 635 million dollar website fiasco is bad for the U.S. It makes us look totally inept!
On Fifth Avenue, the iconic is one of NYC's most heavily visited tourist attractions 
Wheres the accountability for the $635M website fiasco in the Obama administration? Heads should roll and officials should be fired
Ill soon be leaving for Washington where will give me the T. Boone Pickens Entrepreneur Award. Very exciting!
If the Saudis are so concerned about Syria then they should go in themselves. Stop telling us to do their dirty work.
Apology accepted.
Yes and thanks.
Great!
It was just determined that the woman who passed out at Obamas press conference had just seen what her new premiums would be!
Discovery breeds discovery, as in success breeds success. Questions are thoughts with a quest. - Think Like a Champion
Thanks.
You've got something unique to offer. Find out what it is. Ask yourself: What can I provide that does not yet exist?
Good advice from my mother, Mary MacLeod Trump: Trust in God and be true to yourself.
Great evening with the &amp; the T. Boone Pickens Entrepreneur Award. Amazing crowdthank you!
Bob Tyrrell Thank you--and also for the great work you do.
Jeffrey Lord Thank you for the presentationterrific job!
Thank you for the T. Boone Pickens Entrepreneur Awarda great honor for me from a fantastic man.
The Audacity of Ineptitude - ObamaCare website will cost over $1B When will someone finally be held accountable?
When a complex website is broken the best thing to do is blow it up and start all over again-then sue the culprits and use the proper team!
First Titantic sunk on its maiden voyage.Next the Hindenburg explodes on its first flight to America.Now we suffer the ObamaCare rollout!
Great taste, enjoy!
Can you imagine the anger and disgust when the heads of other countries found out that their cell phones were being tapped by NSA.Obama mess
With the $635 million dollar website fiasco, getting caught tapping phones of WORLD LEADERS and so much more, U.S. is looking really stupid!
At this point the legacy of the Obama Administration will be, sadly, that of THE GANG THAT COULDN'T SHOOT STRAIGHT - what a pathetic mess!
Isn't it amazing that the U.S. and NSA can listen to the highly protected phone conversations of world leaders but can't get O's records!
I must say that some of these college football games are great tonight-very exciting-I wish I had more time to watch!
Good night everyone - sleep well and tomorrow have many victories!
The new line of Trump ties, shirts and cufflinks are out at Macy's and are really beautiful at a really reasonable.price. Go check them out!
Will be on Fox &amp; Friends tomorrow morning at 7.00. Will be discussing the disgusting and wasteful $635 million website rollout and more!
Sadly true!
Because he paid me far more than it was worth!
Yesterday was Matt Drudge's birthday --Happy Birthday --and great job!
The signature restaurant of, is both Forbes Five-Star &amp; AAA Five-Diamond restaurant 
Thanks to ObamaCares device tax, Boston Scientific plans to cut 1,500 jobs ObamaCare will kill ingenuity.
Time for Sebelius to be fired. She has admitted that the Administration did not vet the ObamaCare website 
I dont know why our allies are so surprised Obama is tapping their phones? Nothing changes!
Sebelius didn't test $635M (probably $1B) ObamaCare website until a couple of days leading up to the launch. 
Iraq is being ravaged by Al Qaeda. Country in utter chaos &amp; all oil is going to Iran &amp; China Terrible mistake!
Does anybody really think that President Obama didn't know about our spying on the leaders of allies around the world - not possible!
There are so many blatant lies coming out of the ADMINISTRATION - healthcare, spying, NSA, IRS, brutally killed Americans -WILL IT EVER END?
I just don't know why some of these NFL teams with lousy quarterbacks don't give Tim Tebow a chance - what do they have to lose?
Maybe if Obama knew too much about the spying it would be worse than knowing nothing - but either way it is just another disaster!
On 1,300 acres in Charlottesville, s wine has been awarded the coveted Virginia Double Gold Medal 
Great victory for people of Blackdog, Scotland. They defeated substation, stopping inefficient &amp; ugly wind turbines.
When will realize that he's destroying Scotland--the most beautiful countryside in the world w/ his stupid wind turbines?
suffered a huge defeat by the people of Blackdog. Communities all over Scotland are fighting this loser.
-the man who let terrorist (Pan Am Flight 103) al-Megrahi go, lost another battle over ugly wind turbines in Blackdog.
of Scotland may be the dumbest leader of the free world. I cant imagine that anyone wants him in office.
1.5M have already lost their health care plans thanks to ObamaCare Defund now and Repeal later!
Fact - all the countries complaining about us spying on them spy on us. They just don't get caught--stupid!
Congrats on revealing that Obama knew millions of Americans would lose their healthcare plans 
Wont be a buyers market for long. If you can, purchase a home but remember, I told you this three years ago.
I hear really bombed in Springfield--people were leaving show way early--stupid guy!
A great victory in Scotland... 
Congrats to on the release of his new book Rush Revere and the Brave Pilgrims. #1 on and Must read!
Four brave Americans died in Benghazi. Administration is still covering up the truth. We deserve to know the full truth.
If Obama was willing to lie about ObamaCare then what else has he lied to us about
The ObamaCare Awakening: Americans are losing their coverage by political design. 
You're never a loser until you quit trying. - Mike Ditka
How come Snowden and ObamaCare have access to all records and information but don't have even the smallest tidbits on President Obama?
Isn't the WORLD tired of hearing President Obama say he knew nothing about anything-time to take responsibility for all of your mistakes!
Both of our New York hotels are on the Top Ten list of the most luxurious hotels in NYC... Congrats to all!
The ObamaCare website is unfixable &amp; rumor has it that they will stop checks &amp; balancesa free-for-all that will cost the country trillions
is Panama Citys premiere hotel. 70 stories over Punta Pacifica, excellence has arrived to So. America 
Still looking to give away a RECORD $1M reward on for a crowd funding campaign 
Congratulations to Boston on the World Series victory. Earned and deserved.
Not only did the $1B ObamaCare website not work, it cant even protect your personal information A disaster.
If you like your healthcare plan you can keep it. = I was born in Hawaii.
Its Thursday. is still a very dumb guy--just look at his past.
So we can spy on our allys leaders but cant water board terrorists?
Thanks.
Thanks.
Successful people keep moving. They make mistakes, but they don't quit. - Conrad Hilton
The bus driver who saved the woman from jumping off the bridge was really cool, great guy. I'm going to send him $10, 000-he deserves it!
Located in Tribeca, each hotel room features floor to window ceilings for a view of lower Manhattan 
Winners see problems as just another way to prove themselves. - Think Like a Champion
Millions losing healthcare plans despite President Obama's promise that this WOULD NOT HAPPEN! What about a massive protest march on D.C.
Will be on Fox &amp; Friends in five minutes - enjoy and good morning!
Thanks.
Everyone is telling me that is going to run against lightweight --Spitzer would win!
Never give up!
The ObamaCare website will cost over $1.5B when all is said and done. Crazy!
House has the right bill: If you like your healthcare plan, you can keep it. The Senate must take it up on a vote!
Wow, just watching the news.ObamaCare and the website are TOTALLY OUT OF CONTROL. Costs are through the roof. This could be ruinous to U.S.!
Lies and incompetence - the two words that are most closely associated with ObamaCare!
I hope everybody reads the article Shakedown Schneiderman - the AG of New York 
#TrumpVine on ObamaCare website- 
&amp; are hosting Trump 2013 Pageant in Moscow. They will be terrific!
Revisionist history. Now Obama claims he never told us that everyone could keep their healthcare plans. Crazy!
The event featured a performance by #CelebApprentice - a great event for a great cause! Watch- 
The truth is that we could have much better healthcare in our country at a much more affordable price - everyone in U.S. would benefit!
No, #Darnell does.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
You're right--doesn't fit my image.
With terrific Steve Wynn at dinner last night. 
Success tip: See yourself as victorious. This will focus you in the right direction. Apply your skills and talent--and be tenacious.
Job tip: If you were the employer, what kind of person would you most desire as an employee? Be that person.
Use your intelligence and your education to execute what your imagination presents to you. This is one step to becoming an entrepreneur.
When Obama tried to tweak his previous statement on ObamaCare he made it an even greater lie-even the Senate Democrats are angry with him!
Just sit back and watch, ObamaCare is such a disaster it will fall like a house of broken cards. The website is the best part of this mess!
She is so sad and pathetic that I almost feel sorry for Sec.Sebelius. She has done great harm to many people and must be fired. Incompetent!
If Democrats do not start opposing ObamaCare, and fast, Republicans will have a massive victory in 2014 - far greater than any predictions!
I will be going to Asheville, North Carolina, tonight for the 95th birthday party of the GREAT Billy Graham - such a wonderful man!
My speech at Bartlet Gala Dinner where I received Entrepreneur Award 
Its that time of the year. in Central Park is now open--best rink in the world. A landmark.
Had dinner this week at (at Trump World Tower) opposite the United Nationsfantastic food! 212.964.7777
Looking forward to attending the GREAT Rev. s birthday party tonight--there's nobody like him!
Congratulations to the $1B ObamaCare website on enrolling FOUR in Delaware. Cost to us - $4M 
At least 3.5M fellow Americans are going to lose their healthcare plans because of ObamaCare. Defund then repeal!
We still have not learned the full truth on Benghazi. Four Americans were killed. Congress must act!
Upstate New York needs jobs. Frack Now &amp; Frack Fast! Pay off NY State debt.
Read the Bible. Work hard and honestly. And don't complain. - Rev. 
Dont toss off your problems, and dont dwell on them either. Deal with them! - Think Like a Champion
The ObamaCare disaster will increase the amount of uninsured What is the point of this Trillion $ monstrosity?
Success tip: Be ready for problems, and be patient--there are very few cases of instant gratification.
Being successful requires nothing less than 100% of your concentrated effort. Be totally focused.
Leadership: Whatever happens, you're responsible. If it doesn't happen, you're responsible.
I was just given a great tour of Moscow - fantastic, hard working people. CITY IS REALLY ENERGIZED! The World will be watching tonight!
I just got back from Russia-learned lots &amp; lots. Moscow is a very interesting and amazing place! U.S. MUST BE VERY SMART AND VERY STRATEGIC.
I will be on Fox &amp; Friends tomorrow morning at 7.
Remember that I predicted a long time ago that President Obama will attack Iran because of his inability to negotiate properly-not skilled!
If we could force Russia, China and other competitors to use ObamaCare, we would be able to instantly destroy their great economic success!
Drew Brees is having a great game - a fantastic quarterback and really good guy!
If Justice Roberts had done the right thing and voted against ObamaCare, our country would be in a lot better shape right now! TOTAL TURMOIL
While I was in Moscow I see that President Obsma apologized for his lie, I mean statement, on ObamaCare! How nice of him to be so forthright
Don't worry, when our country starts hurting bad enough from all of the mistakes that are being made, we will start doing the right things.
WE WILL ONLY BE THE LAND OF THE FREE AS LONG AS WE ARE HOME OF THE BRAVE!
Happy Veterans Day to ALL, in particular to the haters and losers who have no idea how lucky they are!!!
gave one of the greatest endings to a show ever Standing ovation!
I had a great weekend with you and your family. You have done a FANTASTIC job. TRUMP TOWER-MOSCOW is next. EMIN was WOW!
True courage is being afraid, and going ahead and doing your job anyhow! - General Norman Schwarzkopf
Thank you.
Thank you!
Emin, your performance at Miss Universe was fantastic - you are a STAR!
Miss USA pageant had a 4 to 1 vote in favor, but it won't be in Miami Doral in 2014-- Mayor Boria voted against it. I want total support!
Via Donald Trump Planning Skyscraper in Moscow 
s has exposed the massive ObamaCare fraud perpetuated by Navigator Programs 
ObamaCare is one of the worst political disasters of all time - 4,992,343 AMERICANS LOSING COVERAGE, LESS THAN 50,OOO NEW SIGNUPS.
President Obama is under pressure from Democrats to undo his lie on ObamaCare. His problem is that such a move would end ObamaCare.
ObamaCare is on LIFE SUPPORT - it will soon be DEAD ON ARRIVAL - A bad concept that was imcompetently administered!
No matter how far down a path you go, if it's the wrong path, turn around and go back home - before it is too late.
The same people that built the ObamaCare website used, as the face of the website, someone who is not a US citizen. Incompetent.
President Obama is the best thing that ever happened to Jimmy Carter!
Breaking news--negotiations with Iranians broke down because Obama insisted that they use ObamaCare.
True!
More dead people voted in the last election than enrolled in ObamaCare. Congratulations America!
Obama friend got a no-bid $635M contract to build website And now she will get more to fix it.
I'll be on On the Record tonight to talk about the ObamaCare fiasco--7 pm on Fox News
visited my office- tall and beautiful! 
The cast has been largely selected for next year's Celebrity Apprentice. Wait 'till you hear the names-AMAZING! Season 14-many nights at #1
Did President Obama have a rough day yesterday, or what? He has got to start telling the truth - NO MORE LIES OR DECEPTION!
The only deal the Republicans should accept is a complete repeal of ObamaCare. You have them on the run - don't fold - go for it!
Be tough, be smart, be personable but dont take things personally. Thats good business. - Think Like a Champion
Rumor has it Apple is going to release iPhones with bigger screens. That's good news.
Again, more dead people voted in the last election than enrolled in ObamaCare. Congratulations America!
Winning is habit. Unfortunately, so is losing. - Vince Lombardi
Great job in helping our wonderful Miss Universe - there is nobody like you - CONGRATULATIONS!
Thank you for your fair and balanced reporting. You provide a great and important service to the people of Scotland!
Thanks Gary.
Very good!
13 BILLION, 4.5 BILLION-these are the stupid settlements that J.P.Morgan just made. Why don't they FIGHT? No wonder they keep getting sued.
The real J.P.Morgan is spinning in his grave at the ridiculous settlements the bank is making to settle disputes. A settler is a soft target
Football coaches are no longer allowed to scream and yell at their players because it is discriminatory,racist and can be viewed as bullying
I wonder if the Rutgers coach who had the audacity to yell at the player is a proponent of global warming?
The wimps that run Penn State should be forced to resign (and be sued) for the pathetic settlement they made and destruction of great legacy
Maybe some of the dead voters who helped get President Obama elected can be brought back to life after signing up for ObamaCare.
I will be going to Trump National Doral in Miami early today to check on the construction of the hotel and the new Blue Monster. AMAZING!
The polls have shown that DEAD PEOPLE voted for President Obama overwhelmingly and without hesitation - he must be doing something right!
President Obama played golf yesterday???
Our heartfelt prayers go out to our fellow Americans suffering from the storms &amp; tornadoes.
I took some heat a long time ago when I said that George Zimmerman was a sicko and bad news. I know people and this guy is no good-trouble!
Go to work today, be smart, think positively and WIN!
I got George Zimmerman right- watch- 
Congratulations to on her big move to She is a total winner!
Last October on, attacked and I for saying Obama cooked the job number. Will he apologize?
Just as I said last October, census workers cooked the job numbers for Obama right before the election 
Chuck--very fair, best wishes!
One of top private clubs, features a Jim Fazio designed 7,291 yd par 72 course 
64 stories of golden glass over the strip, elite hotel rooms feature floor-to-ceiling windows 
Guess who is talking to at ? Not terrible hair! 
Priorities. While Obama wastes billions on a broken website, he is going to cut military pay No surprise.
Broken promises. A broken billion dollar website. ObamaCare cant be fixed. Repeal!
Advertising is totally unnecessary. Unless you hope to make money. - Jef I. Richards
ALWAYS BORROW MONEY FROM A PESSIMIST BECAUSE HE WILL NEVER EXPECT IT TO BE PAID BACK!
Work is fun, deals are fun, life is fun - but love of a great family makes it all come together. Go out there and make your family proud.
Afghanistan leaders want the U.S. to keep 20, 000 troops there for many more years, fully paid for by the U.S., but first they want apology.
Emin from Russia--a very talented guy. All proceeds go to help the Philippines. #missuniverse 
Thank you.
Great!
True!
$1B down another $1B to go. ObamaCare website is 40% unfinished. This is beyond pathetic.
Offering true luxury, has spectacular restaurants, Olympic pools &amp; six professional tennis courts 
So true!
Thank you.
Sad!
Thanks.
Thanks.
I create jobs!
Congrats to Congress on their 112 'gold tier' healthcare plans Why should they suffer like regular Americans?
Do not allow our very stupid leaders to sign a deal that keeps us in Afghanistan through 2024-with all costs by U.S.A. MAKE AMERICA GREAT!
Today will be a great day at work - have only one word in mind, VICTORY!
Florida Power &amp; Light did a fantastic job of providing service &amp; energy during the big storm in Palm Beach. 
We have wasted an enormous amount of blood and treasure in Afghanistan. Their government has zero appreciation. Let's get out!
Host of the 2017 U.S. Women's Open, Trump Bedminster has been rated one of America's best golf courses.
70 stores above Punta Pacifica's pristine peninsula, offers fine dining, five pools &amp; luxury rooms 
I answered my fans questions video- watch- 
Emails prove WH knew ObamaCare website wouldn't work in October -- why didn't they delay the launch? 
Knockout assaults are the new rage by sick and depraved youth. We better start getting tough in this country-and they want to take our guns!
If you are lucky enough to catch a knockout assaulter before getting slugged, and you carry a gun, shoot the bastard (teach them a lesson)!
For all those sick degenerates contemplating a knockout attack, please remember the late, great Charles Bronson-no more crime!
If JP Morgan took their case through the courts for 15 years, nobody would be suing themeasy target.
Thomas Jefferson wrote the Senate filibuster rule. Harry Reid &amp; Obama killed it yesterday. Rule was in effect for over 200 years.
Such a nice article in the New York Times about a wonderful developer, Arthur Zeckendorf 
Its Friday. How many millions has the White House wasted on the ObamaCare website today?
Happy Birthday!
We are using the absolute wrong negotiating technique with respect to the Iran nuclear talks. Strengthen sanctions until GREAT deal is made!
The scum that gets high on badly hurting old ladies and others through knockout assaults wouldn't feel that way with a gun at their head!
Get smart on knockout assaults and crime - we have to be slightly more vicious (and violent) than the assaulter-and crime would end FAST!
Snow and ice, freezing weather, in Texas, Arizona and Oklahoma - what the hell is going on with GLOBAL WARMING?
The people that gave you global warming are the same people that gave you ObamaCare!
They changed the name global warming to climate change because the concept of global warming just wasn't working!
What a rotten deal we made with Iran. We get nothing (except laughter at our stupidity). They get everything, including delay and big cash!
I do not understand how so many of my Jewish friends backed Obama in the last election. He is a TOTAL DISASTER FOR ISRAEL-AND ALWAYS WILL BE
How much longer are we expected to put up with the world's most incompetent leader - ObamaCare, Iran, Syria, bads deals. JUST NEVER ENDS
We had all the leverage in our nuclear negotiations with Iran and our leaders foolishly decided to let them out of the trap. WHY?
Tom Brady has done a great job tonight-amazing New England comeback. Good game- not over yet!
Tom Brady is a good friend of mine, a great player, a great guy and a total winner! Fantastic comeback win-this is what our country needs!
John Kerry is openly celebrating the tenuous nuclear deal with Iran. Great dealmakers do not celebrate deals,they just go on to the next one
The reason great dealmakers do not OPENLY celebrate a deal, especially one that is not complete, is that it shows weakness to the other side
I know it has been many years since our country made great deals, but isn't it about time we start, right now. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Best book ever on dealmaking (or so they say) - TRUMP: THE ART OF THE DEAL. Go get it, and others, Washington - you really can do better!
Don't underestimate yourself or your possibilities--keep your focus intact, and focus on the positives.
Realize that being an entrepreneur is not a group effort. You're in charge. Everything starts with you.
Obama is going to take away over 90M Americans healthcare plans but he is letting Iran keep its nukes. Just think about that.
Why didn't Obama, as part of the negotiation, free the Christian Pastor Saeed Abedini? 
The worst thing you can possibly do in a deal is seem desperate to make it. - The Art of The Deal.
Don't worry, THE UNITED STATES WILL BE GREAT AGAIN!
New poll, WOW-53% say President Obama is not honest &amp; trustworthy. What took them so long. Go back and look at his house purchase in Chicago
President Obama is finally getting hammered, even by his most loyal supporters and the press-I guess they can only take so much!
I will be in Palm Beach, Jupiter, and Miami today checking on big construction projects. I love Florida and love on time and on budget const
Wind Power Company Fined $1 Million for Killing Birds. Golden eagles among victims... 
I can't believe no one has been fired over the ObamaCare website fiasco!
When do we sue the company-- for billions-- that robbed us in creating the hapless ObamaCare website?
We enjoy hosting tourists in They come from all over the world to see the Atrium, a NYC landmark. 
Wind Power Company Fined $1 Million for Killing Birds. Golden eagles among victims... 
How does Obama rationalize giving Iran $8B in sanction relief when a Christian pastor is being tortured in an Iranian prison?
Set the example. You can motivate others as well as yourself by remembering that you are setting the example.
Look at the solution, not the problem. Learn to focus on what will give results.
President Obama said, over and over again, if you like your plan, you can keep your plan, PERIOD! This turned out to be a total lie-90 mill.
No way, they are bird killing machines.
Great!
Thanks.
Thank you.
Learn, know, and show. Its a proven formula. Put it to use starting today. - Think Like a Champion
Thank you and Happy Thanksgiving.
Reigning Champion does great work with Donate to an Injured Warrior today 
War on the families. Price of electricity hit record high in October Terrible, especially during holiday season.
Make sure to enjoy your time with your family during the holiday. It is a special time. Love and appreciate your family.
Happy Thanksgiving to all--even the haters and losers!
US froze $8B in Iranian assets during 79 Hostage Crisis. Now Obama is giving it back to Iran while Christian Pastor is jailed. Don't do it!
Why doesn't President Obama simply apologize for telling a big fat lie, announce that ObamaCare was a mistake, and deal a really great plan!
Despite the fact that I have had great success with the words YOU'RE FIRED, I do not like firing people. But ZERO on ObamaCare mess-no way!
I truly believe that our country has the worst and dumbest negotiators of virtually any country in the world.
HAPPY THANKSGIVING EVERYONE, ENJOY YOUR DAY!
I am in Miami at Trump National Doral. Just gave out contract to build a new ballroom and luxury suites. Blue Monster complete-opens Dec 14.
Work begins on the Old Post Office in Washington D.C. in 3 months. It will soon become one of the great hotels of the world.
Congratulations to Dubai on winning the rights to host Expo 2020! A great place winning a major global event. 
Trump International in Dubai will be one of the great projects anywhere in the world. Congratulations to for their genius!
First Minister Salmond should stop his fruitless drive for obsolete wind turbines in Scotland-he would become popular again! 
Today is the day that ObamaCare website was supposed to be up and working. WRONG-website is closed down, a total disaster! 90 million doomed
I hope you buy my shirts and ties at 
Just left $259 million rebuilding of Doral in Miami. Amazing - Trump National Doral will be a masterpiece (if I do say so myself)!
Wow, the ObamaCare website, which President Obama said would be working TODAY, is a total mess with many functions not even thought about!
AJ is a GREAT quarterback who is finally being recognized as such - a total winner. What a pass!
That was a great football game.
The least number of hurricanes in the U.S. in decades. So they change global warming (too cold) to climate change-now what will they call it
Thank you.
A fine man, Dr. Paul F. Crouch, has just passed away. All Christians are grateful for his wonderful life and work. 
Trump Int. Hotel &amp; Tower Vancouver will transform the skyline w/ its 616 ft twisting &amp; beautiful tower 
Many great business campaigns at Great way to support small upstarts.
Dying just named me to a list. Too bad GQ is no longer relevantwont be around long!
Congratulations to the White House. For every 1 ObamaCare enrollment there are 44 cancellation notices. Very unfair!
Build your reputation on intelligence, responsibility, and results. Thats building the right way. - Think Like a Champion
Have fun, enjoy NYC.
Thanks.
Here we go again... another bad deal.
If you don't have time to do it right, when will you have time to do it over? - John Wooden
Thanks Steve!
Remember I predicted that New York Magazine would fold and people scoffed? Just announced (N.Y.Post) it lost big $'s &amp; is cutting way back!
Too bad about New York Magazine, but there's a much bigger one out there, currently doing a story on me to get even, that I'll soon discuss!
I just filed a major ethics complaint against crooked New York State Attorney General Eric Schneiderman-he should resign from office!
You can only smile when the losers of the world try so hard to put down successful people. Just remember, they all want to be YOU!
You have to have passion for your work. That's most important. Then keep your focus intact. Good luck.
Great!
Thank you.
Thanks.
Thank you.
s four restaurants provide guests with a wide range of choices, each embodying excellence 
Happy Birthday
Great!
Thanks.
Wow, its now official. ObamaCare website has topped $1B Will soon be up to $1.5B
New reality. Yuan just passed the Euro as 2nd most traded finance currency Our leaders better get smart fast.
There are no short cuts to any place worth going.-- Beverly Sills
The road to Easy Street goes through the sewer. - John Madden
Sleazebag has just been forced to resign from His pathetic apology wasnt enough to save his job. 
Congrats to for firing Martin Bashirdont feel badly, he didnt get ratings anyway. 
A special message for Martin Bashir- 
Wow, record setting cold temperatures throughout large parts of the country. Must be global warming, I mean climate change!
couldnt sell its money losing Aberdeen windfarmso forced phony extension. 
wants out of their Aberdeen windfarm fiasco so badly but wont let themhes (cont) 
Off shore windfarms being abandoned in droves throughout worldtoo expensive to build &amp; operatedont work. (cont) 
Leaving today for California to inspect my fantastic golf course &amp; club on the Palos Verdes peninsula. Big success. 
A good head and a good heart are always a formidable combination. -- Nelson Mandela
Ice storm rolls from Texas to Tennessee - I'm in Los Angeles and it's freezing. Global warming is a total, and very expensive, hoax!
Great going to all of Dubai in winning what will be a fantastic #Expo2020 - we will all be there!
We should be focused on magnificently clean and healthy air and not distracted by the expensive hoax that is global warming!
Thank you.
was a great choice for NYC Police Commissioner. He will make us proud, and safe!
Trump Tower at Century City brings luxury to Makati, the financial &amp; social capital of Philippines 
Steps away from Waikiki's famous beaches, is Hawaiis top destination w/our signature amenities 
Iran has never had a better friend than Obama.
Looking forward to hosting next week The White House has abandoned her husband, Christian Pastor Abedini.
It's Friday. How much money has been wasted on defunct ObamaCare website today?
You can't put a limit on anything. The more you dream, the farther you get. - 
My shirts, ties &amp; cufflinks have never been better or more beautiful. Great holiday gifts, great price.
Thanks.
My father Fred Trump left me a relatively small amount of money (compared to where I am today-over $10 billion) but vast amount of knowledge
In making big money, knowledge is far more important than any other ingredient, including money itself!
Word is that the dinner tonight at Mar-a-Lago, hosted by the incomparable Lois Pope, was fabulous. Big money raised for charity
Show me someone without an ego, and I'll show you a loser - having a healthy ego, or high opinion of yourself, is a real positive in life!
People are always asking me about the very special word, CONFIDENCE. The fact is there is (almost) nothing like it. Is derived from winning!
Just got back to New York from California. Will be on Fox &amp; Friends tomorrow morning at 7.00. ObamaCare and other disasters to be discussed
Wow, I just looked at the circulation numbers - Vanity Fair Magazine won't be around much longer, it's really in bad shape!
Obama said he never met his uncle, Oscar, who was arrested for whatever. Turns out he lived with his uncle in Boston. SO MANY LIES!
The Unaffordable Care Act, sometimes referred to as ObamaCare, is not working. Millions of people are losing their plans and doctors-fraud!
I really enjoy doing every Monday at 7 AM., and are great people.
Just left Florida, amazing how well State is doing-- jobs way up, taxes down. Congrats to 
Just read s book Shooting Straight and whether you love him or hate him (Im in the first category), it is terrific.
Courageous people do not fear forgiving, for the sake of peace. - Nelson Mandela
As always &amp; due to popular demand,will be open Christmas eve &amp; day as well as New Year's eve &amp; day 
Congrats to, &amp; Bobby Cox on all being unanimously elected to s ! Great leaders &amp; managers.
Its time for to enter s All time hits leader has paid the price.
Wheres the leadership? Obama only met with Sebelius ONCE since ObamaCare passed His signature legislation...
WH claims it lied about Pres. Obama living with his uncle b/c wasnt mentioned in his book. I guess Bill Ayers never knew about it!
Bird killing windfarm that I oppose in Aberdeen just got delayed by at least two years.forced the failing developers to delay!
The ill-conceived windfarm that is pushing for Aberdeen will lose $50 million a year. Only a fool would build it or want it!
If Graydon Carter's very dumb bosses would fire him for his terrible circulation numbers at failing Vanity Fair-his bad food restaurants die
Major League Baseball: The best thing you can do is let ---your all time hits leader---into the Hall of Fame. It's time!
Iran must immediately allow Christian #PastorSaeed out of prison or we should put back sanctions (which should never have been lifted)
Illegal use of official Attorney General stationary by lightweight 
How can NYS allow lightweight to remain in office? What are JCOPE &amp; Moreland Commissions waiting on? 
Great meeting with the wonderful wife of Christian Pastor Saeed, who is in Iranian prison. #savesaeed 
Come on MLB, do the right thing! Let into the Hall. No drugsjust hard work and talent!
.s and John Heilemanns book, Double Down, is an excellent read on the just passed election. Great book, congrats! 
Know from the inside out that you have the power to succeed and you will. - Think Like a Champion
A beautiful view from my office today- 
After climbing a great hill, one only finds that there are many more hills to climb.-- Nelson Mandela
Re Kerry admitting to working for Pastor Abedinis release--why has US already released Iranian spies &amp; nuclear scientist? Dumb!
It's amazing how badly the Knicks and Nets are playing. Everybody predicted they would be top teams with all of the money spent. Too bad!
The Blue Monster at Trump National Doral opens for play on Saturday morning after a massive rebuilding - brand new course!
The brand new Blue Monster at Trump National Doral has recieved GREAT reviews from the golf critics. Check it out-opens Dec. 14
President Obama's approval rating, at 38%, is at an all-time low. Gee, I wonder why?
Why does Conde Nast allow dopey Graydon Carter to run bad food restaurants while running failing magazine?
Happy Birthday Sarina.
The atrium of dressed up for Christmas- 
I will be on Piers Morgan Live tonight at 9 p.m. on CNN. Tune in!
This is one of the COLDEST WINTERS ever, freezing all over the country for long periods of time! So much for GLOBAL WARMING.
DONALD TRUMP BLASTS OBAMA FOR FAILING TO SECURE CHRISTIAN PASTORS FREEDOM IN IRAN 
Had dinner last night at Megu, 845 United Nations Plaza--fabulous food, beautiful restaurant.
Our prayers are with Rev. for a speedy recovery. His faith continues to inspire us all.
A $1.5B website that can only handle 50K users at a time is sad but no surprise!
Exciting newsAfter massive construction, the Blue Monster at Trump National Doral is open for business today. 
I hope you all are looking at the Donald J. Trump Signature Collection of ties, shirts &amp; cufflinks great for Christmas &amp; holidays.
What a sad thing that the memory of Nelson Mandela will be stained by the phoney sign language moron who is in every picture at funeral!
Economics behind ugly, bird killing wind turbines do not work--will destroy Scotland's beautiful coastline. (cont) 
My complaint against is a case study for JCOPE &amp; Moreland Commissions on everything that is wrong with NYS politics.
Sources inside s office are saying that they are very concerned with the allegations against their lightweight boss.
Bird killing windfarm that I oppose in Aberdeen got delayed by at least two years.forced the failing developers to delay!
If Graydon Carter's very dumb bosses would fire him for his terrible circulation numbers at failing Vanity Fair-his bad food restaurants die
The ill-conceived windfarm that is pushing for Aberdeen will lose $50 million a year. Only a fool would build it or want it!
Now Sebelius is 'urging' insurers to cover people who haven't paid Complete mess. Enrollment Numbers are a sham.
Please Pray for Me I Am Losing My Insurance Just one of the millions of cases like this...
s #LieOfTheYear is Obamas if you like your health care plan, you can keep it. Wrong. Its the lie of the decade.
The evidence continues to mount against lightweight It is time for JCOPE and Moreland Commissions to act.
Is business success a natural talent? I think its a combination of aptitude, work and luck. - Think Like a Champion
I really like Nelson Mandela but South Africa is a crime ridden mess that is just waiting to explode-not a good situation for the people!
I love to see garbage properly disposed of which is why I like watching the dismal circulation numbers of Vanity Fair-IT'S DEAD
Have a GREAT weekend everybody - enjoy yourself but always keep your goals and aspirations in mind. Never lose sight of the victory ahead!
The Donald J. Trump signature line of shirts, ties, really beautiful suits and cufflinks is the best Christmas &amp; holiday gift by far
The United States is experiencing the coldest weather in decades with vast amounts of snow blanketing many states.Pendulum has swung to cool
Wow, it's snowing in Isreal and on the pyramids in Egypt. Are we still wasting billions on the global warming con? MAKE U.S. COMPETITIVE!
We should be focusing on beautiful, clean air &amp; not on wasteful &amp; very expensive GLOBAL WARMING bullshit! China &amp; others are hurting our air
Wow, just in-John Beale, the top person in government on climate change (EPA), is a total fraud, and just admitted it! What can they say now
Get to the essence immediately. Learn to economize. People appreciate brevity in todays world. - Think Like a Champion
Good luck on your real estate test - you will be the biggest star of all!
Who thinks that President Obama is totally incompetent?
Under President Obama, do you think America will become a THIRD WORLD COUNTRY?
Prime Minister is very foolish in giving so much money to build wind turbines which r destroying Scotland.
No better place to celebrate New Years Eve than, the most elite hotel in downtown NYC 
When defended Obama on Benghazi in the presidential debate, she was defending a complete lie 
s beautiful MacLeod House &amp; Lodge offers luxurious accommodations &amp; dining w/ sea views 
Unsustainable. With our $17T debt &amp; $90T in unfunded liabilities, government blatantly wasted $30B this year 
2013 is the worst year ever for Hollywood. Garbage released after garbage. What is going on in these studios?!
ObamaCare Story of the Day: Florida Cancer Patient Loses Insurance During Treatment B/C of ObamaCare 
Benghazi is now a full blown training center for jihadists Congratulations to the Obama administration.
FRACK NOW &amp; FRACK FAST!!! American prosperity depends on it. Our economic renaissance is here.
Regis, you are the GREATEST!
I have never met a successful person that was a quitter. Successful people never, ever, give up!
You can attack, defend, counterattack, sell or ignore. -Roger Ailes to Pres. Reagan during prep for 2nd Mondale debate/ '84 election
Alternatives are important but first Repubs must repeal ObamaCare. It's an unsustainable monstrosity that's destroying our healthcare.
I just left the Trump Tower atrium--it is packed with great people. #1 tourist attraction in NYC-- Fun! #TrumpTower
The coolest story is that John Beale, the man who headed up CLIMATE CHANGE for the government, is a proven con man and total phoney.ARRESTED
Go to Macy's today and buy Trump ties, shirts, suits and cufflinks as a Christmas or holiday present.Great style, great price! ONLY THE BEST
I like Rob Astorino. He's a friend and really good guy. Sadly, he has ZERO chance of beating Cuomo and the 2 to 1 Dems for governor!
Enough about my ties etc., but they are doing really big numbers - people love them (and loves Trump)!
New York Republican leader is pushing my friend into political suicide. Results wont be pleasant!
I am so honored by all the great NY State Repubs who came to my office, called &amp; wrote for me to run for Governor. If I do, I will win.
No cuts to welfare, no cuts to food stamps &amp; NOT A SINGLE CUT TO OBAMACARE, yet the new budget cuts military benefits. Sad!
A really nice article about the Blue Monster from The Street. 
Young Entrepreneurs - the Holiday season is here but that is no excuse not to stay on top of your business prospects. Focus!
ObamaCare Horror Story: Navigators Tell Applicants To Lie Like Administration strikes again!
Build up your weaknesses until they become your strong points. - Knute Rockne
If you fail once, twice, three times, it doesn't matter. Learn from your mistakes and push forward to VICTORY-the sweetest feeling there is!
White House relaxes penalty for canceled health policies, a major blow to the sustainability (and concept) of ObamaCare! They are desperate
Rated Toronto's #1 hotel, has 261 guest rooms &amp; suites furnished in elegant, cosmopolitan style. 
Packed with holiday celebrations, members &amp; staff are enjoying the first Christmas season at 
Its Friday. How many people have been forced off their plans and lost their doctors today because of ObamaCare?
What's with this rap stuff with me and Ebenezer Scrooge? 
If you cant adapt to new situations then you will never be successful. Every change is a new opportunity to use your talent.
Secret Service members on break from Obamas $4M vacation are more than welcomed to relax at Hawaiis top hotel 
., a highly overrated architect, has had many problems with buildings he has designed.
Why is Douglas Durst allowed to use the Freedom Tower to get out of a lease with Conde Nast?
Personally, I think Douglas Durst's brother got screwed by Douglas--no wonder he's angry.
I had a lot of fun answering your questions in the latest round of #AskTheDonald. See if your question made it- 
Fernando, thank you for the GREAT review of The Blue Monster in South Florida Golf-especially top 10 in the WORLD. I love !
Remember, THE HARDER YOU WORK, THE LUCKIER YOU GET!
It was 25 years ago today that Pan Am flight 103 was downed by a terrorist killing 270 innocent people. released the terrorist!
I am going to Trump National Doral in Miami today to check out the brand new and just opened BLUE MONSTER and the spectacular driving range.
With the very dangerous carjacking epidemic going on, especially in New York and New Jersey, you would be lucky to have a gun for protection
The Herschel Walker interview on The Tim McCarver Show was fantastic-much can be learned from watching. Congrats to Herschel and Tim!
GREAT interview with Tim McCarver! Have a fantastic Christmas and New Year.
Will be on Fox &amp; Friends tomorrow morning at 7.00 - hope you enjoy!
#1. Keep the big picture in mind. There are always opportunities and possibilities, and thinking too small can negate a lot of them.
#2. Keep your momentum. Without momentum, a lot of great ideas go nowhere.
#3. Look at the solution, not the problem. Learn to focus on what will give results.
Find work that you love--you have to be passionate about it to succeed. Then focus and never give up!
Entrepreneurs: Be ready for problems--you'll have them every day. Keep open to new ideas--that's where innovation begins.
Realize that being an entrepreneur is not a group effort. You're in charge--everything starts with you.
Did you ever not do something that had you done it would have turned out to be a disaster. Never look back, just learn from your experience!
SOMETIMES YOUR BEST INVESTMENTS ARE THE ONES YOU DON'T MAKE!
ALWAYS TRY TO LEARN FROM OTHER PEOPLES MISTAKES, NOT YOUR OWN - IT IS MUCH CHEAPER THAT WAY!
I'd like to wish all of my friends--and even my many enemies--a very Merry Christmas and Happy New Year.
I could fix existing Tappan Zee Bridge for peanuts. Unfortunately, Gov Cuomo will end up spending more than $10B on this project. $25 tolls?
Push yourself again and again. Don't give an inch until the final buzzer sounds. - Larry Bird
Without passion you don't have energy, and without energy, you don't have anything!
Merry Christmas, have an amazing day!
The new Pope is a humble man, very much like me, which probably explains why I like him so much!
I hope everybody is having a FANTASTIC Christmas! No matter how tough things may seem remember that you will ride it out &amp; go on to victory!
O.K., Christmas is over, now we can all go back to the wars of life. Focus, focus, focus-never accept defeat -push hard for total victory!
Thank you to &amp; Jeffrey Lord for the lovely article Governor Trump? The conservative Nelson Rockefeller. 
#TBT With Barbara Walters on my helicopter going somewhere. 
It is really too bad that the scientists studying GLOBAL WARMING in Antarctica got stuck on their icebreaker because of massive ice and cold
As a major fan of Nelson Mandela and the people of South Africa, all of my statements are made with love. Protect his legacy now
Will be working with contractors at Trump National Doral in Miami today.
The rescue icebreaker, trying to free the ship of the GLOBAL WARMING scientists, has turned back-the ice is massive (a record). IRONIC!
We should be focused on clean and beautiful air-not expensive and business closing GLOBAL WARMING-a total hoax!
The global warming scientists don't want to be airlifted off the ship-they are having too much fun and that is too simple a solution-FAME!
We're coming up on the NEW YEAR-It is really important that, despite so many stupid decisions being made in Washington, we make it BEST EVER
In the upcoming New Year we will focus like never before - if we do that we will have complete and total VICTORY in all we do!
Temperature at record lows in many parts of the country. 50 degrees below zero with wind chill in large area. Global warming folks iced in!
Be tough, be focused. There are a lot of ups and downs, but you can ride them out if you're prepared for them.
Cover your bases--know everything you can about what you're doing. Keep your focus by being well informed on a daily basis.
Congratulations to and on yesterday's very exciting game.
The more predictable the business, the more valuable it is. Predictability also means consistency of brand experience. - Midas Touch
No one remembers who came in second. - Walter Hagen
Entrepreneurs - be tough, resolute &amp; trustworthy. The most crucial time to build your reputation is when you start making deals.
What the hell is going on with GLOBAL WARMING. The planet is freezing, the ice is building and the G.W. scientists are stuck-a total con job
The con artists changed the name from GLOBAL WARMING to CLIMATE CHANGE when GLOBAL WARMING was no longer working and credibility was lost!
Spend your last day of 2013 contemplating the moves you will make in 2014 to make it your best year ever!
Bring in 2014 NYE soire -- NYC's most exclusive New Year's Eve Party w/SoHi &amp; 
Tomorrow is the first blank page of a 365-page book. Write a good one.  
When it comes to money, finance and even life, PROTECT THE DOWNSIDE AND THE UPSIDE WILL TAKE CARE OF ITSELF!
This very expensive GLOBAL WARMING bullshit has got to stop. Our planet is freezing, record low temps,and our GW scientists are stuck in ice
The only Forbes 5 Star &amp; 5 Diamond hotel with a 5 Star &amp; 5 Diamond restaurant offers elite luxury 
I know of no more encouraging fact than the unquestionable ability of man to elevate his life by conscious endeavor.--Henry David Thoreau
A regular part of your day should be devoted to expanding your horizons. Learning is a new beginning.
Try to develop a tempo when you're working--momentum is something you have to work at to maintain, &amp; is an important element of success.
has great campaigns. Support one today 
Welcome to the new ObamaCare reality - Doctor spent 2 hours on hold w/insurance company to get approval for surgery 
Record snowfall &amp; freezing temps throughout the country. Where is Global Warming when you need it?!
The future is always beginning now. - Mark Strand, former Poet Laureate
Most of the world's great riders are at Mar-a-Lago today for the Trump Invitational, one of the most important equestrian events of the year
Just hit a million on Facebook- 
Trump To Visit New Hampshire 
Another one of my predictions just came true-- Iraq is a total disaster with government losing all controlso sad.
Sec of State Kerry said we would not go back to Iraq. We shouldnt, but he should not have said that. So stupid!
Entrepreneurs: Set the example and you'll be a magnet for the right people. Great leaders determine the teams they assemble.
Have your own vision &amp; stick with it. Don't be afraid to be unique.Every day is an opportunity to show what you can do at the highest level.
We are experiencing the coldest weather in more than two decades-most people never remember anything like this. GLOBAL WARMING anyone?
Looking forward to hosting the House Majority 2014 Golf Tournament at Trump Int'l West Palm Beach on Jan. 27th.
Congratulations to on his five year anniversary as the anchor Brett is great!
Achievers move forward at all times. Don't tread water. Get out there and go for it.
Remember to think big by expanding your horizons at the same time you're expanding your net worth.
Identify your goals. Know precisely what you want to achieve, study the best people in your field,and then plan the best route for success.
Please,, go back to your original menu and preparation. Believe me, it was much better. Let me know when the change is made!
While I am a critic of President Obama, I hate it when someone (Robert Gates) writes a self serving negative book about his boss.
Why didnt Gates resign if he was so unhappy about what he was being told by Obama? The fact is, Iraq etc. have always been disasters!
Tomorrow is the 10 year anniversary of the Apprentice, one of the biggest hits in television history. How time flies!
We had a GREAT year with ties, shirts and suits, thanks! New selections just arrived - they are amazing!
One of the all-time greats - a true spiritual leader and wonderful person. Keep up the good fight!
The news about our beautiful Miss Venezuela, Monica Spear, is devastating to all who knew her. A spectacular woman, she will be missed.
Offshore wind is a dead duck in Scotland and its time Alex Salmond manned up, stopped blaming Westminster (cont) 
Thanks everybody for the Happy Birthday greetings, but its actually the 10th birthday of The Apprentice. My birthday is June 14th....
Donald Trump Plans Huge Towers In Rio For Post-Olympic Building Boom 
One of the world's tallest buildings, is not only a 5 star hotel but has 5 star dining options 
The Trump Organization continues to expand internationally at a record pace. Many new announcements to come soon.
#TBT With Darrell Hammond when I hosted SNL. 
Its Thursday. How many people have lost their healthcare today?
Be tough, be smart, be personable, but don't take things personally. That's good business.
Focus on your goals, not your problems. Problems are a mind exercise--learn to play beyond your comfort zone.
The brand new Blue Monster just opened at Trump National Doral - Miami. Also, great new driving range which is open 'till midnight. GO SEE!
President Obama just fired the ObamaCare website builder. My question is, why were they hired in the first place? Sue them for damages!
Now that the ObamaCare website contractor has been terminated for obvious incompetence, is the person who hired them going to be fired?
In politics, and sometimes in life, FRIENDS COME AND GO, BUT ENEMIES ACCUMULATE!
Whether you like Obama or not, Bob Gates turned out to be one disloyal dude! Personally, I hate rats.
I will be doing Fox &amp; Friends tomorrow morning at 7.00. Will be discussing all sorts of current disasters!
The Republican Party of New York has been conditioned to lose, and there is no excuse for this. Leadership must move fast and decisively!
They are all afraid to use it because they know what will happen - thanks!
After watching all about the horror story that is A-Rod, I realized again that it is time to let Pete Rose into the Baseball Hall of Fame!
Will be doing Fox &amp; Friends in a few minutes - hope you enjoy!
I consider myself too perfect and have no faults.
No, we need a great businessman.
Anticipate change and embrace it. Recognize new developments that you can capitalize on and use to open new doors.
Understand that difficulties, mistakes &amp; setbacks are an inevitable part of business and life. Don't allow them to knock you off your feet.
Focus on your goals, not on fixed patterns. Do what's necessary and what's unnecessary will be made clear.
Best speech in #GoldenGlobes history- 
Yankees should have dropped A-Rod long ago, not even bothered with arbitration. They would have saved a fortune!
Resilience is part of the survival of the fittest formula--make sure you remain adaptable.
#1 for success: Find out what you love to do. Trust yourself enough to find out what is best for you and what you're best at doing...
For great success, you need passion, but make sure it's well directed. Learn everything you can about what you're doing. Be an expert.
Think positively. Zap negativity immediately. Focus on the solution, not the problem. Be persistent and alert--every single day. Momentum!
New York Republicans must change from a culture of losing to a culture of winning - and fast. This is your last decent shot!
Watching Gates on - looks like he got hit by a truck! Why didn't Obama get him, and others,to sign a confidentiality agreement?
The Ed Cox letter to Republicans, which is being so badly ridiculed by the press, should never have been written. WEAKNESS-SAD!
A-Rods lawsuit trying to overturn a binding arbitration agreement is going nowhere. He should be banned from spring training.
Gabriel Shermans book on Roger Ailes is filled with falsehoods and inaccuracies. Publisher should be ashamed (and sued).
Winning takes talent, to repeat takes character. - John Wooden
I would like to thank a great writer and person,, of REAL ESTATE WEEKLY, for the wonderful story on me. Very much appreciated!
Thanks Ted, see you at the show!
Department of Homeland Security has spent $3.5 billion dollars building their new headquarters and is years late and billions over budget!
To be a winner, think like a winner. Practice positive thinking--with reality checks.
Hope you enjoy the story in the highly respected Real Estate Weekly 
Terrible story on front page of NYTimes about lightweight Does Eric wear eyeliner?
Great article by Jeffrey Lord: The Reagan Revolution. And now the Revolution? 
Looking forward to being hosted by for Politics &amp; Eggs next Tuesday. See you in Manchester! #NHPolitics
continues to push the limits on political and investigative reporting! Andrews legacy lives on.
Senate concludes Benghazi could have been prevented 
leader Ed Coxs record is abysmal--no victories. Hopefully he can turn things around.
Talent wins games, but teamwork and intelligence wins championships. - Michael Jordan
To get momentum, you must first focus on a specific goal with passion and intensity.
and, who I like, are intent on another New York State suicide mission. They've got to get their act together!
Wow, just heard that that next Tuesdays Politics &amp; Eggs is the largest crowd ever. Looking forward to making new friends.
Rising over Bay Street, brings opulent luxury along with our famous world-class amenities to the Queen City 
To be really successful it is always good to have A COOL HEAD, WARM HEART AND BEAUTIFUL COMMON TOUCH!
Fox &amp; Friends at 7.00
Movie producer Harvey Weinstein, who lost his company to Colony Capital, is against guns but makes movies w/ major gun violence--really!
WWII vs. Now! During the 3 1/2 years of World War II that started with the Japanese bombing of Pearl Harbor (cont) 
Excited for tomorrows Politics &amp; Eggs co-hosted by &amp; Live stream here 
Hope &amp; Change! China now controls a record number of our debt 
You're never a loser until you quit trying. - Mike Ditka
Learning to expect problems saved me from a lot of wasted energy. Winners see problems as just another way to prove themselves.
Happy Anniversary to my wonderful wife -- a truly great decision by me! 
Set high standards and meet them. The proof is in the doing: learn by doing and taking risks.
Honored to be named as one of businesss Top Leaders, Icons and Rebels by Vote Trump!
Great day yesterday at unveiling the new Gary Player Villa Gary is a champion and a great guy.
90 stories over midtown New York, Trump World Towers glass curtain wall is a true landmark 
For all of those who have been asking, a big cast announcement coming soon for !
via WSJ. Wake up before you destroy Scotland.,, 
Have the right mindset for the job. See your work as an art form--which means paying attention to every detail.
NBC News just called it the great freeze - coldest weather in years. Is our country still spending money on the GLOBAL WARMING HOAX?
Do you really believe our once great country can continue to survive with incompetent leadership. The answer is no and we better move fast!
Will be on Fox &amp; Friends at 7.00 - Enjoy!
Give your goals substance. Imbue them with a value that exceeds the monetary. Make them count on as many levels as you can.
Passion gives great momentum and can be the catalyst for great achievement.
For entrepreneurs, ignorance is not bliss. It's fatal. It's costly. And it's for losers. You either get organized, or get crushed.
Everything comes to him who hustles while he waits.-- Thomas A. Edison
Apple's iPhone sales fell way short-they must go to a larger screen, as alternative, fast (as I said long ago)! Samsung's size much better.
I predicted Apple's stock fall based on their dumb refusal to give the option of a larger iPhone screen like Samsung. I sold my Apple stock
Steve Jobs is spinning in his grave - Apple has lost both vision and momentum - must move fast to get magic back!
How much is New York State spending on that obnoxious T.V. commercial that is being played endlessly for a tax incentive that doesn't work?
Creativity and control can go hand in hand. Brainpower is the ultimate leverage.
Give me clean, beautiful and healthy air - not the same old climate change (global warming) bullshit! I am tired of hearing this nonsense.
I will be on the Mike &amp; Mike Show on radio and ESPN-at about 6 to 7 A.M. We will be talking Super Bowl and sports-no Obama Care!
Mike &amp; Mike in one minute!
The returns to on March 6th Watch top golfers of the world battle the Blue Monster!
Thanks to everyone for your support on s Top Leaders, Icons and Rebels vv Thanks for voting Trump!
Welcome to the new reality! Moodys just downgraded the entire US health insurance industry because of ObamaCare.
Now the UN is attacking franchise With all the world's problems, is this really a top priority?
The cheapest natural gas in the world is in the United States. - 
Just received a wonderful letter from a new father who bought his son his first book, The Art of the Deal. Great parent!
Wow, honored to just pass 2.5M followers on Thanks to all my followers. We are going to have a great year together.
Once ObamaCare is fully enacted in NY, conveniently after 2014, expect higher premiums, bigger deductibles, &amp; worse care. Job killer!
With and at the opening of the Villa at - 
Press conference at the opening of the Villa at. 
Failing comedian Bill Maher, who I got an accidental glimpse of the other night, is really a dumb guy, just look at his past!
With one of the worst and most prolonged cold spells in history, with Atlanta, Texas and parts of Florida freezing- Global Warming anyone?
Excited to announce Trump Rio de Janeiro, our first South American hotel set to open in 2016 
Obama said in his SOTU that global warming is a fact. Sure, about as factual as if you like your healthcare, you can keep it.
The NY SAFE Act is an unconstitutional attack on 2nd Amendment rights. Will also increase crime.
Are Republicans suicidal? Now they want to push amnesty through Congress. Allowing Democrats into the country.
stopped by my office to say hello- a great guy! 
Looking forward to being hosted by s Erie County Lincoln Leadership Reception tonight. Record crowd! Can't wait.
Article from The Street--The Donald's Trump Card: Himself 
Wow--tremendous victory in the Trump University case against lightweight --just got the news!
Lightweight just got his ass kicked by Trump!
COURT FINDS IN FAVOR OF TRUMP UNIVERSITY 
Enjoy the Super Bowl!
This may be the worst football game ever played by one team, Denver! Hard to watch.
I can't get over, after all of the buildup, what a terrible game that was-the worst Super Bowl in history. The advertisers must be furious!
talks family and business 
The had a truly bad day--my advice is to go home, forget about it, and come back tough next year.
Watch commodity prices soar because of the freezing cold. Will be bad for the economy. We could use some global warming.
The President of the U.S. is the leader of the Free World. He should dress like it at all times. Wear a suit and a tie for major interviews.
Rio de Janeiro joins the in 2016. Its going to be a spectacular hotel! 
Wind energy is a complete economic disaster. 
In 2016, the Old Post Office will be fully transformed into an iconic destination, Trump Int'l Washington DC 
s highest rated wine in VA, uses gentle techniques to produce quality wines 
Congress should be worried about American workers not people who came into our country by breaking our laws.
Massive record setting snowstorm and freezing temperatures in U.S. Smart that GLOBAL WARMING hoaxsters changed name to CLIMATE CHANGE! $$$$
Wow, just in - ObamaCare projected to cause large scale drop in jobs - even Dems are shocked by 2.5 million number. DISASTER!
Negotiation: It is persuasion more than power.
How does frumpy &amp; little read editorial writer Gail Collins keep her job? She is totally irrelevant! 
46 stories above downtown New York, features loft-inspired interiors designed by Fendi Casa 
Donald Trump reopens Doral's Blue Monster 
But nobody asked-a great school!
Doing Fox &amp; Friends at 7.00 A.M. ENJOY!
Thanks Kasey!
True and thanks!
Governor Cuomo only cut the Verrazano Bridge tolls because I made it a major point in speeches. I love the people of Staten Island!
W/ views of NYC's skyline, Trump Stamford is Connecticuts most luxurious high rise, featuring Trump amenities 
Great purchase in Ireland--- will be a top spot! 
Looking forward to addressing the record setting crowd tonight at the New York County Lincoln Day Dinner. Lots to talk about!
Trump's Championship #BlueMonster Course Opens To Rave Reviews 
The people of Ireland have been so great about my purchase of Doonbeg -- I'll be there soon. 
Make it special! No better place to celebrate St. Patrick's Day in the Windy City than 
If ObamaCare is such a wonderful law then why does Obama summarily change the law before an election?
My sons, Don and Eric, are in Ireland looking at my new club. It will be phenomenal! 
If Scotland doesnt stop insane policy of obsolete, bird killing wind turbines, country will be destroyed. 
Great making keynote speech at 2014 Lincoln Day Dinner, hosted by Dan Isaacs &amp; NY Republican County Committee. Wonderful people!
Our clubhouse facility &amp; suites in Ireland #TrumpIreland 
A big part of the country, even the southern states, is under massive attack from snow and freezing cold. Global warming anyone?
Give your goals substance -- make them count on as many levels as you can. Remember that passion can be the catalyst for great achievement.
Thanks Dan.
Do you believe the way Karzai talks down to the United States - zero respect!
My new club on the Atlantic Ocean in Ireland will soon be one of the best in the World - and no-one will be looking into ugly wind turbines!
The Irish government is too smart to destroy their beautiful coastline w/ bird-killing, ugly wind turbines. 
I hope that Derek Jeter has such a fantastic year with that he changes his mind about retiring. Great guy!
#BlueMonster looks fantastic. Great time at the Grand Opening, now looking forward to the 
Set the bar high--do the best you possibly can. Be focused, disciplined and alert every single day.
The brand new Blue Monster Golf Course at Trump National Doral is doing fantastic business. Also, the new driving range is open at night!
One of the great places on the planet, and will only get better now that I own it and will be investing large sums in it!
is a failed and dishonest reporter who refuses to mention the sarcasm in my voice when referring to him or irrelevant buzzfeed
How come discredited reporter refused to write that the events in New Hampshire, Buffalo and N.Y. were all record breakers!
I never equated wind farms to the Pan Am Lockerbie disaster - only stated that should never have released the terrorist - BAD!
Never said it, a total misquote.
Due to the holiday, I will NOT be doing Fox &amp; Friends this morning. Next Monday at 7.
Don't let the GLOBAL WARMING wiseguys get away with changing the name to CLIMATE CHANGE because the FACTS do not let GW tag to work anymore!
Do you believe this one - Secretary of State John Kerry just stated that the most dangerous weapon of all today is climate change. Laughable
Do you think John Kerry is aware of the fact that they are building nuclear weapons in Iran and North Korea and Pakistan already has them!!
It's not climate change,it's global warming.Don't let the dollar sucking wiseguys change names midstream because the first name didn't work
A legitimate article about me...
Thank you Jeffrey Lord for the great article discrediting third rate site &amp; slimebag reporter McKay Coppins.
Bloggers like McKay Coppins &amp; are true garbage with no credibility. Record setting crowds &amp; speech not reported. 
Amazing story in about the sleazebag blogger Coppins who fabricated nonsense about me for irrelevant CONGRATS!
Ben Smith (is that really his last name?) of is a total mess who probably got his minion Coppins to do what he didn't want to do?
did a great job of destroying the little remaining credibility of and the very dumb Ben Smith.
My friend was fantastic on the this morninga star!
sought my support after he released terrorist Al Megrahi, who blew up Pan Am #103, killing all aboard. I said no way!
I read s comments that the lights are dimming on gambling in Floridanothing could be worse for the state.
Gaming states are laughing at stupidity of not approving gaming in FLtheyre afraid of Miamicant believe their luck!
Gaming in Miami will be incrediblebest in world and create lots of jobs and revenue.
Internal polling shows that I would swamp in a NY Republican primary 77% to 23%. But wont run if party is not unified.
NY State Republican Party must unify or November will be another disaster.
For the NY State Repubs to waste time, energy and money on a primarythen go against 3-1 Demsis insane.
Thank you to Jeffrey Lord for his incredible &amp; insightful article this weekend on failing &amp; irrelevant 
Actually, I like you!
A poll of the Miami-Dade was conclusively in favor of gambling in Miami. 
Individual commitment to a group effort is what makes a team work, a company work, a society work, a civilization work.-- Vince Lombardi
I took a failed club in Dutchess County &amp; made it a great success plus many jobs. should be thankful.
Great seeing you last night at record setting Mar-a-Lago Republican event. The crowd loved you!
- You have done an amazing job - I am proud to have been there at the very beginning!
Do you think that very dumb reporter(blogger) McKay Coppins has apologized to his wife for his very inappropriate behavior while in Florida?
Russia beat the United States in the Olympics-another Obama embarrassment! Isn't it time that we turn things around and start kicking ass?
Will be doing Fox &amp; Friends at 7 A.M. - 20 minutes. ENJOY!
Whether you like it or not, the Russians did a great job in hosting the Olympics! Remember when Obama went to Europe to get Olympics-fourth.
We could make America great again by spreading ObamaCare throughout the World while at the same time dropping it from U.S.!
Entrepreneurs: Everything starts with you. Leadership is not a group effort--if you're in charge, then be in charge.
Entrepreneurs: Don't expect anyone to be on your side. Sometimes we're all in this alone. So believing in yourself is mandatory.
Entrepreneurs: Keep your momentum. See yourself as victorious and leading a winning team. Keep everyone moving forward.
Iraq buying $200,000,000 worth of weapons from Iran. Despite so many killed and trillions spent, Iraq dumps U.S. I TOLD YOU SO LONG AGO!
With the World hating us and wanting to destroy the U.S., we have just cut the hell out of the military budget, making it smallest since '39
Congrats on fantastic article--when B writes so nicely about you, it really means something. 
Models! Remember to register for the Trump Model Search. Check out the info here: 
To aspiring entrepreneurs: Be focused! Know your goals. Put everything you've got into what you're doing--every single day.
To aspiring entrepreneurs: Trust your instincts. They are there for a reason.
To aspiring entrepreneurs: Be ready for problems. You'll have them every day. So remember to look at the solution--not the problem.
Just did final purchase on fabulous in Ireland. Will become Trump International Hotel &amp; Golf Links, Ireland. Very exciting!
Lightweight is driving business out of NY so that he can get publicity for his failing political career.
Success tip: Don't tread water. Get out there and go for it. There's nothing wrong with bringing your talents to the surface.
Success tip: Keep the big picture in mind. There are always opportunities &amp; possibilities, &amp; thinking too small can negate a lot of them.
Disappointed the article on did not bring up his dealings w/ Shirley Huntley. 
has never once said that he didnt ask for campaign contributions during the investigation.
Congrats to Charles for his statements on climate change, formerly known as global warming!
Congrats to R. Emmett Tyrrell, Jr of for the fantastic piece on Benghazi.
I think the was far too nice to sleazebag Hes got plenty more to worry about!.
Lightweight s phony lawsuit against Trump U was decimated by the courthes a loser!
Congrats to R. Emmett Tyrrell, Jr of for the fantastic piece on Benghazi. 
The U.S. has appealed ro Russia not to intervene in Ukraine - Russia tells U.S. they will not become involved, and then laughs loudly!
I'll be playing golf tomorrow in Palm Beach at the number one rated golf course in the State of Florida, Trump International Golf Club.
and his incredible wife did a fabulous movie, - see it!
By popular(extremely) demand, I will be live tweeting the #Oscars2014 on Sunday night. Tell all your friends I will not be pulling punches!
China has just intervened to lower the yuan- in other words, they will continue to screw the U.S.!
Will be playing golf today with Rand Paul at Trump International in Palm Beach. Will be both interesting and fun!
I am at Trump National Doral in Miami as the best golfers in the World start arriving for the World Golf Championship (Cadillac). A big week
Is this boring or is it just me? #Oscars
I should host the #Oscars just to shake things up - this is not good!
Certain people are ruining their reputations tonight-really sad! #Oscars
Which is worse and which is more dishonest - the #Oscars or the Emmys?
Do you believe this singing? #Oscars
Ellen is sadly having a hard time with her lines. #Oscars
I don't know how much longer I can take this bullshit - so terrible! #Oscars
Judy Garland was much better, to put it mildly! #Oscars
Little Andy Lassner, who lives his life through Ellen and has nothing else going for himself, is having a really bad night! #Oscars
They should have allowed applause during the TRIBUTE to the departed - Really bad production. Bette Midler sucked! #Oscars
Was President Obama in charge of this years Academy Awards - they remind me of the ObamaCare website! #Oscars.
M.M. is a good choice - also, nice guy! #Oscars
What is he reading? #Oscars
Ellen was so awkward and insecure last night. The pizza skit was terrible. She should dump Andy Lassner, a guy with no absolutely no talent!
I have always liked Ellen, done her show numerous times, but she was not good last night - fumbling and stumbling!
Ellen, you should get rid of Andy Lassner - the guy has absolutely no imagination or talent. Good try last night!
Very exciting week for I will be in Miami opening what will soon be best resort in U.S. World Golf Championship this week!
It was great having you play The Blue Monster. Thanks for your nice statements-many agree that it is best they've seen!
Romney strongly stated, in one of the debates with Pres. OBAMA, that Russia is the big problem. Obama scoffed. Mitt was 100% correct!
Baltimore just set a record for the coldest day in March in a long recorded history - 4 degrees. Other places likewise. Global warming con!
What do you think Obama will do when Putin seizes Alaska?
Remember to keep going--if you stop, your momentum will stop.
Live on the edge--no complacency is allowed--and keep an open mind. Business is a creative endeavor.
Thanks Colleen!
Charlie, sounds good to me!
Success breeds success. The best way to impress people is through results. -- Think Like a Billionaire.
Trump International Hotel &amp; Tower Toronto continues to receive accolades. Great city, great hotel. #TrumpToronto
Of course I don't think Jimmy Carter is dead-saw him today on T.V. Just being sarcastic, but never thought he was alive as President, stiff!
Actually I was very nice to Jimmy Carter during my standing room only (&amp; standing ovation) speech for CPAC - stated better Pres. than Obama!
The unbiased reporters and attendees said mine was the best and most well received speech at CPAC - THANK YOU!
Thanks Sasha!
Congrats to and I really enjoyed being therethe response was so terrific!
Will be on Fox &amp; Friends at 7 (10 minutes). ENJOY!
The #CNBC 25 poll is a joke. I was in 9th place and taken off. (Politics?) No wonder ratings are going down the tubes.
Other worthy people were taken off the list as well. Stupid poll should be canceledno credibility.
Ive been watching very little latelythe good news is Im switching over to and 
The massive Blue Monster is getting rave reviews. I built it in one yearno easy feat!
Have passion, drive, and enthusiasm? You can check out the careers here: 
JUST IN: A jury awarded a complete and total victory in buyers remorse lawsuit against me in Ft. Lauderdale.
With the complete Ft. Lauderdale victory, I will now sue for millions of $s in attorney fees for which plaintiffs are liable.
I love taking lawsuits all the way when Im right. is finding that out the hard way!
Congratulations to for the two top rentals in 2013! #TIRNYC
Trump Victorious in Fort Lauderdale Litigation 
Just did theToday Show to announce that Baton Rouge, Louisiana will host the Miss USA Pageant on Sunday, June 8th. USA.
I just beat a lawyer from Yale and a lawyer from Harvard, who teamed up against me, in a major case worth millions ($). They were so dumb!
AMAZING how the press protected President Obama when he did the so-called comedy routine with Zach G. He looked like a fool - they said cute
Thanks!
I have clearly stated that if the New York State Republican Party is able to unify, I would run for Governor and win. They can't unify -SAD!
The top leadership of the New York State Republican Party is totally dysfunctional - they haven't won a major election in many years.
While I won't be running for Governor of New York State, a race I would have won, I have much bigger plans in mind- stay tuned, will happen!
Frumpy and very dumb Gail Collins, an editorial writer at The New York Times, is so lucky to even have a job. Check her out - incompetent!
When nobody wanted the UFC, I opened the way by letting them fight at the Trump Taj Mahal in Atlantic City. Dana White has done a great job!
I won't be doing Fox &amp; Friends tomorrow morning in that I have a big breakfast meeting on a deal. I will be back next week at 7. Thank you!
Some people dream of great accomplishments, while others stay awake and do them. Anonymous
There are many editorial writers that are good, some great, &amp; some bad. But the least talented of all is frumpy Gail Collins of NYTimes.
5 year old Trey has terminal cancer. I'm helping him go to Disney, won't you? 
Some people dream of great accomplishments while others stay awake and do them!
Wow, Putin is really taking advantage of President Obama. It is important that Obama responds with strength and determination-be smart-cool!
President Obama could totally solve the problem with Putin by demanding that Russia sign on to ObamaCare, thereby destroying their economy!
Business is an art in itself &amp; powerful negotiation skills are one of the techniques necessary to facilitate success.- Think Like a Champion
The Donald J. Trump Signature Collection's new line is out --ties, shirts, accessories -- great &amp; going fast! 
Re Negotiation: Know what you want &amp; think about what the other side wants. Know where theyre coming from &amp; do not underestimate them.
Thanks Dan
Head on over to my Facebook page to have your questions answered in the next #AskTheDonald- 
., Wind turbines are ripping your country apart and killing tourism.Electric bills in Scotland are skyrocketing-stop the madness
It's almost like the United States has no President - we are a rudderless ship heading for a major disaster. Good luck everyone!
Plane was carrying those terrible lithium ion batteries, which are highly combustible, as cargo. Fire could have started in cockpit.
Lithium ion batteries should not be allowed to be used in aircraft. I won't fly on the Boeing 787 Dreamliner - it uses those batteries.
Looks like plane may have been found in the Indian Ocean off the coast of Australia.
We are excited to announce Trump Estates at Akoya by DAMAC, luxury villas situated byTrump Intl Golf Links Dubai 
President Obama was able to fool the Americans by getting elected, but not able to fool Vladimir Putin. Too bad for us!
While Putin is scheming and beaming on how to take over the World, President Obama is watching March Madness (basketball)!
President Obama, be cool, be smart, be sharp and FOCUS (no more March Madness), and you can beat Putin at his own game. IT CAN BE DONE!
Great advice from my mother: Trust in God and be true to yourself. - Mary MacLeod Trump
Putin has become a big hero in Russia with an all time high popularity. Obama, on the other hand, has fallen to his lowest ever numbers. SAD
I believe Putin will continue to re-build the Russian Empire. He has zero respect for Obama or the U.S.!
We should be building up our military and our missile defense systems to their highest levels ever. Must be very strong to prosper &amp; survive
The situation with Russia is much more dangerous than most people may think - and could lead to World War III. WE NEED GREAT LEADERSHIP FAST
I wonder if Apple is upset with me for hounding them to produce a large screen iPhone. I hear they will be doing it soonlong overdue.
Obama should stop running down the stairs when getting off Air Force One. Doesnt look presidential and at some point he will take a fall.
Thank you to &amp; Sports Illustrated for the really nice piece about me. March 17, 2014 issue 
I had a great time answering your questions in the latest #AskTheDonald. Watch and see if your question made it in- 
This is the time for the United States to be strengthening all important military components - not rolling over and dealing from weakness!
By Obama mentioning Manhattan yesterday in his response, he has singlehandedly made it target #1. How totally stupid is this guy?
If youve looked over the years,Ive been right on virtually every issue from Iraq (not going in but if so taking the oil) to jobs to China
I will be ON THE RECORD with Greta Van Susteren tonight at 7 pm eastern/FOX News Channel
Listen to my interview with at - 
is terrific--congratulations on Hall of Fame.
#TBT For all who have been asking, my mother was a great beauty and a wonderful person. Here we are with my father- 
Autism WAY UP - I believe in vaccinations but not massive, all at once, shots. Too much for small child to handle. Govt. should stop NOW!
If I were President I would push for proper vaccinations but would not allow one time massive shots that a small child cannot take - AUTISM.
Coach W to his basketball players - BE QUICK BUT DON'T HURRY!
Healthy young child goes to doctor, gets pumped with massive shot of many vaccines, doesn't feel good and changes - AUTISM. Many such cases!
With autism being way up, what do we have to lose by having doctors give small dose vaccines vs. big pump doses into those tiny bodies?
Join, and light the world blue on 4/2. #LIUB will raise awareness for millions with autism!
SSE slashes offshore wind investmentwants British government to pay for its losses on these monstrosities 
Entrepreneurs: Another question to ask yourselfWhat am I pretending not to see? There may be great opportunities right around you.
Entrepreneurs: Believe in yourself. If you dont, no one else will either. Realize that becoming an entrepreneur is not a group effort.
To all young (and old) entrepreneurs: Believe in yourself, talk yourself up! Energize yourself and you'll energize others.
To all haters and losers: I am NOT anti-vaccine, but I am against shooting massive doses into tiny children. Spread shots out over time.
for president - it's reality, he is reality and he is the ONLY one capable of making the necessary changes
- The only thing you don't mention in the nice Esquire piece about you is The Apprentice, without which you would be nowhere!
Good luck with the Dodgers this season, if they were like you they would never lose a game!
Sorry, couldn't do this morning--big meeting. Will double up next week at 7.
Because of President Obama's failed leadership, we have put Vladimir Putin &amp; Russia back on the world stage! --No reason for this.
Noisy windfarm driving community crazy! 
In New York, March was the coldest month in recorded history - we could use some GLOBAL WARMING!
Yesterday in front of Rockefeller Center 
The signature restaurant of, is both a Forbes Five-Star &amp; AAA Five-Diamond restaurant 
Today in history WrestleMania 23: I shave hair--highest rated show in WWE history 
Visit the highly acclaimed Trump International Hotel &amp; Tower Chicago and its exceptional 'Sixteen' restaurant 
Entrepreneurs: Be cautiously optimistic. Call it positive thinking with a lot of reality checks.
Entrepreneurs: Pay attention to details. If you dont know everything about what youre doing, you'll be in for some big surprises.
Entrepreneurs: Watching you could be the motivation for your employees.Make it an example that will best serve the success of your business.
I hear the very ungrateful has a show that is absolutely dying in the ratings. Really too bad!
I can't believe David Letterman has announced his retirement--he is a great guy! 
Thanks for your nice words. You are a real champion. Im pushing!
I can't believe that would waste time and money with - he has got nothing going. Jeff Zucker must be losing his touch!
I hate what has happened to the once great 
Thanks Kat!
For China, of all nations, to search the massive Indian Ocean and pick up the ping from the black box of flight 370 sounds a bit far fetched
Major League Baseball was really smart when they wouldn't let Mark Cuban buy a team. Was it his financials or the fact that he's an asshole?
Haters and losers say I wear a wig (I don't), say I went bankrupt (I didn't), say I'm worth $3.9 billion (much more). They know the truth!
Thanks Xena!
Will be on Fox &amp; Friends at 7.00 this morning - ENJOY!
It's 4.35 a.m. and I am working on a very exciting (and hopefully very good) deal - a major resort. THE HARDER I WORK, THE LUCKIER I GET!
Kim, keep up the great work - you are really doing well!
Saw try to hit a ball in Lake Tahoe while I played in tournament- hes got no talent or strength!!!! 
says he is a member of Dallas National but doesnt play golf. Who is a member of a golf club that doesnt play?? No talent! 
The Blue Monster at Trump National Doral in Miami is doing record business - everybody wants a piece of it. Great reviews. Thank you!
you were great on this morning&amp; the Gary Player Villa at is a hot ticket.
So many people dont understand I am a big proponent of vaccines for childrenjust not in one massive dosespread them out over time.
Talent hits a target no one else can hit. Genius hits a target no one else can see. - Arthur Schopenhauer
Really looking forward to watching The Masters this weekend - one of THE GREATEST SHOWS ON EARTH!
Into our first week of filming, the Celebrities are already turning up the heat. Major fireworks!
Looking forward to promoting a pro-growth &amp; positive message at this Saturdays Freedom Summit in Manchester.
Nothing great was ever achieved without enthusiasm. -- Ralph Waldo Emerson
Entrepreneurs, always remember that every business relationship can lead to greater deals in the future. Be sure to cultivate relationships
Congratulations on joining the finest and fastest growing group of very talented people in the City. You will be GREAT!
It's not enough that we do our best; sometimes we have to do what's required. -- Winston Churchill
#FlashbackFriday With Mickey Rooney, and 
Learn from yesterday, live for today, hope for tomorrow. The important thing is not to stop questioning. -- Albert Einstein
What a great player you have turned out to be but also, what a great guy! Congratulations on another fantastic Masters win.
Great playing at the Masters and don't get down Jordan, you will win many tournaments and many MAJORS! Keep working hard.
Will be doing Fox &amp; Friends at 7 A.M. (1 hour). ENJOY!
If the wind will not serve, take to the oars. -- Latin Proverb
The people of Ireland are very smartthey just killed an ugly windfarm which would've hurt tourism 
However beautiful the strategy, you should occasionally look at the results. -- Winston Churchill
On the shores of Lake Norman, presents the true luxury lifestyle and an elite golf course 
My interview with WMURs at #NHFreedomSummit 
Obama lied when he said you can keep your plan, so why would anyone believe his bogus ObamaCare enrollment numbers?!
-I have no doubt that you will come to your senses about the costly, bird killing and very ugly wind turbines dotting Scotland.
Summer's almost here, update your business wardrobe with Trump Signature Collection, exclusively available 
GOP rally in Manchester fires up party faithful 
NYC's sole hammam, The Spa at offers classic treatments inspired by wellness rituals f/around the world 
Remember, negotiations are fluid. Remain calm and dont settle easily. If you have the goods, you will ultimately win.
On top of the disrespect shown by Russia, dont forget they still have Snowden, who has given them (&amp; everyone) massive US secrets.
Get Snowden back from Russiahe has done tremendous damage to the US &amp; should pay a very heavy price.
Dont toss off your problems, and dont dwell on them either. Deal with them! - Think Like a Champion
Happiness is not something ready made. It comes from your own actions. - 
Thank you!
In Hudson Valley s course has pristine fairways, tour caliber greens &amp; 64 strategic sand bunkers 
Obama has changed the Census so it will be difficult to measure the effects of O'Care REAL data hidden
I pick the best locations- has incredible views of beautiful Lake Norman. 
Entrepreneurs--Always remember that every day counts. Stay focused. Stay positive and develop momentum.
Entrepreneurs: Identify your goals, know precisely what you want to achieve. Then study the best people in your field and learn from them.
Entrepreneurs: Have your own vision and stick with it. Dont be afraid to be unique. Dont tread water--get out there and go for it.
My speech from last Saturdays #NHFreedomSummit 
America is at a great disadvantage. Putin is ex-KGB, Obama is a community organizer. Unfair.
Always fun to read the investigative piece re, his mascara and more! 
#TBT WrestleMania 23 
Oscar Pistorious is guilty as hell!
CBO now estimates that over 2.5M will lose jobs directly because of ObamaCare. REPEAL now before it is too late.
Remember, if you dont sell yourself, no one else will. Make sure the public, friends &amp; the business community hears about your success.
Why did Pres Obama remove sanctions against Iran prior to negotiating rather than completing successful negotiation &amp; then remove sanctions?
The West Coast's most luxurious public course features spectacular panoramic Pacific Ocean views 
ObamaCare enrollment lie: Obama counts an enrollee as a web user putting a plan in their online shopping carts 
Nasty for the middle class, electricity prices surged to an all-time high this past March FRACK NOW
I was always a big fan of Kim Novak and still ama wonderful actress.
I will be working late into the evening closing a big real estate dealsoon to be announced. Happy Easter and/or Holiday to all.
Remember, Russia still has Snowden. When are we going to bring that piece of human garbage back home to stand trial? He caused great damage!
Snowden is a spy who has caused great damage to the U.S. A spy in the old days, when our country was respected and strong, would be executed
Have to go now to sign a great and job producing deal! Good night.
Frank, you are making a mistake. No one will do a better job than me and team would stay in Buffalo.
HAPPY EASTER - HAVE A GREAT DAY!
Look, Snowden is bad, done tremendous damage to our country and standing - but we have far worse in our government (guess who?).
Trump Estates Dubai unlike anything else in the region by Musaid Al-Zayani
Just finished another week of filming This season, a record 14th, is shaping up to be the best yet.
Club of the Year, Trump Natl Bedminster is NJ's top family country club with two award winning courses 
A storied franchise with a loyal fanbase, should remain in Buffalo.
The biggest winner of Obamas 08 win --- Vladimir Putin. Ultimately he could be tied with Iran after Tehran becomes a nuclear power.
Obama told Medvedev after the 12 reelect, he would have more flexibility. It was music to Putins ears.
If America unlocked its energy potential, we would once again be the most powerful country in the world. Washington is holding us back.
There can be no liberty unless there is economic liberty. - Margaret Thatcher
After thousands lost and spending two trillion dollars, Iraq (I told you so) is imploding. Really dumb pols put us and kept us there-so sad!
Once the tragic mistake of going into Iraq was made, we should have at least taken the oil (or at least some of it). Now Iran &amp; China get it
Fifth Avenues most iconic building, features Trump Grill nestled in the corner of the Atrium 
With two champion style courses graces 600 rolling acres along the peaceful and scenic Potomac River 
Understand that difficulties, mistakes and setbacks are an inevitable part of business and life...But always look for the opportunities.
Congratulations to on yesterdays successful and safe The entire country is proud.
China is closing a massive oil deal w/ Russia, taking advantage of the Ukraine conflict Smart, unlike our leaders.
You measure your people and you take action on those that don't measure up. - 
Thanks for your nice note - they love you at Trump National Doral. You are looking good - will have a GREAT year!
The way President Obama runs down the stairs of Air Force 1, hopping &amp; bobbing all the way, is so inelegant and unpresidential. Do not fall!
Interesting how President Obama is flying around in a Boeing 747 on so-called Earth Day!
On rugged Aberdeenshire coastline,s Par 72 course is 7,400 picturesque yds. threaded through dunes 
The city of Buffalo is struggling. Moving the would be catastrophic. The Bills belong in Buffalo!
New Yorkers will get a chance to see a film for free this summer from and My choice? Citizen Kane #FilmForAll
No surprise Assad is not destroying his chemical weapons. He never intended to in the first place.
The ObamaCare enrollment numbers are a lie.They will be readjusted by the White House at an opportune time, probably after 14 election
I'm not afraid of failing. I don't like to fail. I hate to fail. But I'm not afraid of it. - 
It was great to see you - say hi to all!
South Korea is absolutely killing us on trade deals. Their surplus vs U.S. is massive - and we pay for their protection. WHO NEGOTIATES?
W/a newly expanded 27 holes of golfing, Trump Intl.Palm Beach is ranked by Florida Golf Magazine as FLs #1 course 
Thank you for naming the #1 golf course in Miami 
As I predicted, Obama already caught lying on Ocare enrollment # by CBO whos sticking w/ 6 million enrollments 
Worry destroys focus. - Think Big
N.Y.Times headline states Obama suffers setbacks in Japan trade deal. Can somebody please tell him that with all they sell us, WE HAVE CARDS
We allow Japan to sell us millions of cars with zero import tax and we can't make a trade deal with them - our country is in big trouble!
The only Five-Star &amp; hotel in NYC, is the definition of luxury The Best!
If you have passion, confidence, resilience, &amp; vision, you could become an entrepreneur. Add focus to the list &amp; you're off to a good start
Isn't it ironic that China is going all in nuclear for energy while at the same time making wind turbines for others. 
I will be doing Fox &amp; Friends at 7.00 - will be discussing the the Donald Sterling (Clippers) MESS!
.s Red Course redesign is underway. Will be completed in September. Follow all the developments 
Watch this amazing ad from and learn the signs
Putin has shown the world what happens when America has weak leaders. Peace Through Strength!
Is everyone enjoying ObamaCares 21 new 2014 taxes? Its Obamas special gift added on to your rising premium.
Young Entrepeneurs: Think Big, Stay Motivated &amp; Always Remain Confident. The Sky is the Limit.
It is amazing that after lambasting Donald Sterling on, some DISHONEST press only reported my GIRLFRIEND FROM HELL statement!
A TRULY GREAT CHAMPION WILL SELDOM FAIL AND ALWAYS COME BACK. NEVER UNDERESTIMATE THE POWER OF GREATNESS!
It is also amazing how comments can be edited to provide statements that are used in a knowingly incorrect manner.
Dopey should force her reporters to be accurateif she has that power.
Just to show you how dishonest certain reporters are, here is my interview- 
Commissioner Adam Silver made a strong and very wise decision concerning Donald Sterling.
It will now start to cool down concerning Sterling and the Clippers. This mess will start to fade, after litigation, into the murky past!
Concentration comes out of a combination of confidence and hunger. - Arnold Palmer
Getting ready for some big news with my friends at 
Announced w/ that we will bring to &amp; to Trump Bedminster
Excited to host two great championships at two of our best properties, at Trump DC &amp; at Trump Bedminster
US property tycoon Donald Trump confirms Turnberry buy 
Wow, Vanity Fair was totally shut out at the National Magazine Awards - it got NOTHING. Graydon Carter is a loser with bad food restaurants!
ObamaCare not only has brought higher premiums, decreased care &amp; loss of jobs but now.1% Q1 growth. REPEAL BEFORE IT IS TOO LATE!
China will now pass our economy this year, way ahead of projections. Pres. Obama - Chinas greatest asset!
With circulation and advertising revenue doing so badly, rumor has it that dopey Graydon Carter is going to resign? He should.
Negotiations 101: The best deals you can make are the ones you walk away from...and then get them with better terms.
Donald Trump Buys Four-Time British Golf Course 
, both headed to Trump courses 
#FlashbackFriday At Military Academy- second from left. 
Seth can't help it - he is really trying hard but just doesn't have what it takes. Very awkward and insecure!
Have a great weekend everyone and for those of you that are young entrepreneurs, have fun but never stop thinking of the task ahead- victory
Floyd Mayweather is being beaten up badly through 10 rounds by Marcos Maidana, but announcers say it is even. TWO ROUNDS LEFT.
Mayweather is getting absolutely killed!
Fight is over - Mayweather lost big - but lets see what judges say!
NO WAY, JUDGES SAY MAYWEATHER WON. INVESTIGATION SHOULD TAKE PLACE. FIX?
The Mayweather decision is a disgrace!
Crowd is booing the hell out of that phony decision - place is angry and going wild. Fight was not even close! DISGUSTING.
No wonder boxing is close to dead!
The ring announcers are working hard to justify the Mayweather victory. They should be ashamed of themselves! A TOTAL JOKE.
Congrats to my GREAT members at Trump National DC on our club having been chosen to host the 2017 PGA Senior Championship!
I will be doing Fox &amp; Friends in 10 minutes at 7.00. Many things to talk about! ENJOY
Congrats to Barack Obama on Aprils job report. Over 800,000 left the work force w/average hourly wages &amp; weekly hours staying flat. Bad!
Over 90% of American workers could lose their healthcare by 2020 thanks to ObamaCare. Repeal before it is too late!
This guy cant do a simple interviewsaw him the other night stumbling &amp; mumbling while trying to interview a guest.
Just had a great legal victory in Ft. Lauderdale -- won trial -- now will receive tremendous $ in legal fees from losers. Love it!
Do not look for approval except for the consciousness of doing your best. -- Andrew Carnegie
The road to success is always under construction. -- Arnold Palmer
We will never have great national security in the age of computers - too many brilliant nerds can break codes (the old days were better).
Either Miss Pennsylvania will pay, her father will pay or her lawyers will pay. She hurt many people!
Designed by, s New Villa Deluxe Guestrooms include vintage artwork of golf legends 
Congratulations to on winning Senate primary. Time for the party to unite and defeat ObamaCare advocate Kay Hagan!
Crazy Dennis Rodman is saying I wanted to go to North Korea with him. Never discussed, no interest, last place on Earth I want to go to.
The global warming we should be worried about is the global warming caused by NUCLEAR WEAPONS in the hands of crazy or incompetent leaders!
If its worth doing, its worth fighting for. Youll have lots of people &amp; obstacles in your way. Fight to get beyond them.-Midas Touch
Also, the more desperate you are to close a deal the less likely it will happen. Stay calm and focused on your ultimate goals. Be smart!
Remember, if you do not promote yourself no one else will. When you have success, let people know about it.
No matter how good you get you can always get better and that's the exciting part. - 
Great pick by Buffalo - Sammy Watkins will be GREAT!
Many of life's failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up. -- Thomas A. Edison
A message for Hollywood- 
A rare case where the U.S. should help- 
DennisThank you for being honest. Somebody put words in your mouth &amp; you wouldnt take it. Great! 
Home of the 2022, Trump Natl Bedminster features 36 holes designed by famed architect Tom Fazio 
Must read f/weeklystandard by : Obamacare Myth-Making - Five phony success stories. 
Obama told his donors this past week public opinion is on his side. Don't believe that one either.
Time Warner cable out AGAIN in Manhattan - no television. They have a real problem!
Thanks to you and the wonderful Simon Carswell for the great story on Trump International Golf Links, Ireland. It will be great
With a world-renowned open-air lobby w/ ocean views &amp; top restaurants, is Honolulus premier hotel 
It is wonderful to be in beautiful Doonbeg touring I'm truly honored by the wonderful welcome to my family &amp; organization
If you cant handle the hard times that come with business then you will never be able to celebrate the successes. Focus &amp; Stay Positive.
Photo from of Trump International Golf Links &amp; Hotel, Ireland 
Just spent two days in Ireland at Trump International Golf Links &amp; Hotel -- absolutely magnificent. 
Heading to Scotland to check out Turnberry &amp; Trump Int'l Golf Links, Scotland. Then heading to Dubai, a great company.
Do your homework. Wasting other peoples time due to poor planning or thoughtlessness leaves a bad impression. - Think Like a Billionaire
The only place success comes before work is in the dictionary.-- Vince Lombardi
Can you conquer the Blue Monster? Book a tee time right here 
If you are steadfast in your efforts, critics will be harmless. Achievers move forward, and achievement is not a plateau, it's a beginning.
Be flexible enough to adjust to changing circumstances. - Think Big
Don't wait for dire circumstances to test your quick-thinking ability. Be on alert at all times.
Donald Trump visits his newly-purchased Turnberry golf resort 
Be a yardstick of quality. Some people aren't used to an environment where excellence is expected. -- Steve Jobs
Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts. -- Winston Churchill
NobamaCare won't work, never will work and can't work - it is a total waste of time and energy except that it is hurting people (&amp; economy!)
Amazing five days - developments in Aberdeen, Turnberry (Scotland) and Ireland are fantastic - the best anywhere in the WORLD. A lot of fun!
30,000 illegal immigrants with CRIMINAL RECORDS were released last year by our wonderful, though highly incompetent, government. So stupid!
I will be heading to Dubai where I am doing a GREAT project with Damac - will be a massive success!
I really like Jay Z but there is trouble in paradise. When his wife's sister starts whacking him, not good! No help from B leads to a mess.
I am in Dubai with Damac. PLACE IS BOOMING - AMAZING! Major news conference in two hours. Announcing luxury villas and major golf course.
I cannot believe how well certain areas are doing relative to the U.S. There is no reason for this other than poor leadership.WE SHOULD BE 1
We must stop releasing hard core criminals all over the United States. Our country must be strong again!
The roads and sidewalks, airports and bridges, are perfect in Dubai. Everything looks clean &amp; strong. In U.S., everything is falling apart!
You have to be positive every single day. Positive stamina is a necessary ingredient for success. - Think Like a Champion
Hitting the first ball at Trump International Dubai, 272 right down the middle. 
With and the Chairman of DAMAC in Dubai. 
Entrepreneurs: Get a momentum going. Listen, apply, then move forward. Do not procrastinate. See opportunity as the perk that it is.
Entrepreneurs: Stay focused and be tenacious. Pay attention to people who know what they're talking about. Stay fixed on your goals!
Entrepreneurs: See yourself as victorious--and the best way to be victorious is to be passionate. Find something you love doing!
Logic will get you from A to B. Imagination will take you everywhere. - Albert Einstein
Entrepreneurs: Do your best to your utmost ability every day. Make that your standard.
Persistence is a key for success. Dont give up. Continue to Think Big and you will be able to close deals.
I have been watching and loving the United States for many years and have NEVER seen it look weaker or less effective!
Logic will get you from A to B. Imagination will take you everywhere. - Albert Einstein
Sometimes by losing a battle you find a new way to win the war. Don't ever get down on yourself, just keep fighting - in the end, you WIN!
Exclusive: Donald Trump wants to build a luxury hotel in Dubai by 
Congrats to on winning a spirited primary. Great job, Mitch.
Obama's wind turbines kill 13-39 million birds and bats every year! Save our bald eagles, symbol of our nation!
Remember our brave men &amp; women who have fallen protecting our country this Memorial Day!
Terrible for the economy &amp; middle class, gas has now been over $3/gallon for a record 1,245 days FRACK NOW &amp; FAST!
The Obama administration gives better medical care to Al Qaeda at Gitmo than to our vets.
Rising 70 stories over Panama Bay, offers our elite amenities in Latin Americas tallest building 
Have a great and peaceful Memorial Day - but remember, there are people out there who don't want us to have peace. WE MUST BE STRONG!!!!
- Way to go Rory, fantastic victory!
A really great tournament, congrats to Monty, Pete B and Ted Bishop. FANTASTIC JOB!
Featuring private living spaces, oversized bathrooms &amp; stunning views, = downtown NYCs premiere hotel 
Our greatest weakness lies in giving up. The most certain way to succeed is always to try just one more time. -- Thomas A. Edison
The Boston Bomber got immediate emergency surgery for a gunshot yet our vets die on waiting lines at the VA. We must do better!
You cannot escape the responsibility of tomorrow by evading it today. - Pres. Abraham Lincoln
Great story about our conversion of the Old Post Office building in D.C. to luxury hotel- 
.s The Spa offers 5 star services w/ 12 treatment rooms &amp; 53 spa guestrooms overlooking the skyline 
My speech to yesterday at the #NPCLunch on the topic of building a business brand 
Focus on your goals, not your problems. And remember--problems are a mind exercise--so enjoy the challenge.
Entrepreneurs: Be prepared and be tough. Cover your bases! There are a lot of ups and downs, but you can ride them out if you're prepared.
Have you ever seen our country look weaker or more pathetic: Snowden, ObamaCare, VA, Russia, jobs, decimated military, debt and so much more
Snowden is a liar.and a fraud!
Today at 1:30PM CT I will be addressing in New Orleans Will focus on how to fix our great country.
My speech to on Tuesday at the #NPCLunch on the topic of building a business brand 
The Dunes of are a world treasure threading thru s Scotland top Par 72 7,400 yd course 
Our country is on the precipice. Washington is broken. Where is the leadership?
The American worker is being victimized by our trade policies. We need smart trade which can only be accomplished by smart dealmakers.
MUST READ - : VA Scandal Grows As Bonuses Went To Worst Hospitals 
I am in Toronto checking the great Trump International Hotel - highest rated hotel in Canada. It is a beauty!
President Obama created a VERY BAD precedent by handing over five Taliban prisoners in exchange for Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl. Another U.S. loss!
The U.S. cannot negotiate with terrorists. It is a sad and terrible situation for the family involved, but this can only lead to disaster.
The statement about leaving the base came directly from CBS Evening News.
just got firedthe people spoke, ratings were terrible. The Apprentice brought him back from the dead, but he blew it!
Entrepreneurs: If you cannot handle the tough times, you will never be successful in business. Stay positive &amp; stay strong!
Only a grossly incompetent government led by an equally incompetent president could have made the terrible trade for Bergdahl. #OrangeRoom
Bowe Bergdahl walked off the base after he was told not to. Solders died looking for him. U.S. should NEVER have made the deal! PUNISHMENT?
Great deal, we swap 5 killer terrorists for a U.S. military deserter. Thats how the U.S. negotiates nowadays.
President said we would never leave a soldier behind. How about the 4 who died in Benghazi?
Because of our terrible leaders, it is now open season on every American throughout the world. Terrorists are thrilled.
Be sure to buy this months magazine. Read A Trump Card, my interview with Jeffrey Lord.
Obamas war on coal is killing American jobs, making us more energy dependent on our enemies &amp; creating a great business disadvantage.
Airing live from Baton Rouge at 8PM ET on, 2014 Competition will be a tremendous event 
It's a tough game, and you never want to take that aspect out of the game. - Stanley Cup Champion Mark Messier
It would be nice if our commander-in-chief was as concerned for our Veterans health as he is for illegal immigrants becoming citizens.
The problem is that no government can create real jobs. Only entrepreneurs can do that. - Midas Touch
Remember our six brave heroes who died searching for Bergdahl after he deserted (h/t )
The entrepreneurs ability to dream, to win, lose and win again and again is often called the entrepreneurial spirit. - Midas Touch
Our President is a great embarrassment to the U.S. How could anybody be so dumb or know so little as to make the very stupid 5 for 1 swap?
The five Taliban leaders released for a deserter must really be laughing and having a good time right now. They are saying how dumb U.S. is!
Thank you for a great and very accurate story - well done!
Was Susan Rice told to lie about Bergdahl? Obama and his representatives lie about virtually everything, from ObamaCare to a deserter.
Are you allowed to impeach a president for gross incompetence?
I hope we never find life on other planets because there's no doubt that the U.S. Government will start sending them money!
.7th floor provides the most urbane feel in Las Vegas w/private air-conditioned cabanas &amp; a massive 110 ft. heated pool.
Obama betrays Israel yet again, our strongest ally in the Middle East. He will recognize Hamas, breaking long standing US policy.
Obama can release 5 senior Taliban for a deserter but cant make Mexico release decorated Marine Sgt. Andrew Tahmooressi. Pathetic
has a wonderful new book #specialheart and its proving to be a great success already. Bret is a winner!
Trump Collections summer line, exclusively available, is the pinnacle of style &amp; prestige. Dress your best! 
I believe that in addition to the 5 terrorist leaders President Obama gave up for Bergdahl, a great deal of CASH was also given. So stupid!
A great Fathers Day gifta stay at my 5 star hotel along with items from my signature collection 
#TBT A picture of my fantastic father and myself. Best teacher in the world! A great Fathers Day 
BREAKING NEWS: Obama has just made a trade with Russia. They get Florida, California &amp; our gold supply. We get borscht &amp; a bottle of vodka.
Learn, know, and show. Its a proven formula. Put it to use starting today. - Think Like a Champion
Obama is, without question, the WORST EVER president. I predict he will now do something really bad and totally stupid to show manhood!
Only you can #SavetheQueen during the LIVE telecast of #MissUSA on June 8 at 8/7c on NBC. Click for more info: 
Happy 30th Birthday #Ghostbusters! It was great to have be a part of the series. 
Thank you to the greatest heroes #DDay70 #WWII
The owner of California Gold just made a jerk (fool) out of himself. Just smile and congrat the winner. His wife was visibly embarrassed!
I am in Baton Rouge where the Miss USA Pageant will be shown live on NBC on Sunday night for 3 hours starting at 8 P.M. INCREDIBLE SHOW!
Just toured Baton Rouge, Louisiana - GREAT PEOPLE, fantastic place, doing really well. Miss USA Pageant totally sold out.Tomorrow night, NBC
By the end of this year China will be the number one economic power on earth and the U.S. will owe 20 trillion dollars, much of it to China!
We have to make the U.S.A. RICH again so that we can afford to pay Social Security, Medicare,and Medicaid and STRONG to keep our enemies out
REMEMBER, the terrible 5 for 1 trade whereby the Taliban got back leaders (killers) and we got back a NOTHING, WILL COME BACK TO HAUNT U.S.!
No president in history has lied to the American people more than President Obama - in fact, it is not even close!
The Miss U.S.A. pageant will be amazing tonight. To be politically incorrect, the girls (women) are REALLY BEAUTIFUL. NBC at 8 PM.
Heading over to the Miss USA Pageant. The young women participating are amazing and accomplished. Competition is very tough. ENJOY THE SHOW!
Watch the video where is crowned as the 63rd The Crowning Moment!
The best luck of all is the luck you make for yourself. - General Douglas MacArthur
Negotiation tip: View any conflict as an opportunity -- this will expand your mind as well as your horizons. Persistence can go a long way.
Negotiation tip: Know exactly what you want and focus on that. Trust your instincts, even after you've honed your skills.
Thanks M, you are doing a great job at Trump Toronto!
Be sure to watch s interview from the #HospitalityConference 
I told you so a long time ago: Iraq just lost second largest city as their soldiers drop their guns and run. Only the beginning! OIL.
What I am saying is that we never should have been in Iraq in the first place. Bush was terrible, Obama is worse! Make America GREAT again.
Tea Party takes down Eric Cantor - REALLY BIG WIN!
As I have said, the Tea Party is alive and well and fighting hard for the USA. BIG WIN TODAY!
Eric Cantor's concession speech was ridiculous - acted like nothing had just happened. WE NEED REAL LEADERS!
Iraq is far worse and of more danger to the U.S. now than it ever was under Saddam Hussein - and this after $2 trillion and so many lives!
W/state of the art Clubhouse &amp; our signature amenities, brings true luxury to The Tar Heel State 
The 5-star graces over 500 acres fronting 2.5 miles on the Atlantic Ocean in County Clare, Ireland 
The primary voter spoke last night in VA-7 &amp; won going away. Now the party MUST stand behind him! Unity Unity Unity!
Shameful. After trading 5 senior Taliban for a deserter, the White House is now attacking Bergdahls platoon 
A former Miss New York is the designer behind the swimsuits featured in Sundays Miss USA pageantbeautiful! 
BTW The Miss USA pageant was the highest rated non-sports telecast on the Big 4 networks. Congrats to our newly crowned !
Someone just asked me, who is my favorite Donald Trump impersonator? 
Iraq is falling apart fast - two trillion dollars and so many deaths - Bush got us in and Obama took far too long to get us out!
Iraq told us to get out, Iraq is now falling, and Iraq now wants us to come back! Don't do it unless we get the OIL, and I mean ALL OF IT!
I told all of the haters and losers long ago that Iraq would fall, take the OIL or get out fast! Massive waste of lives and trillions of $'s
A third rate architecture critic--who I thought got firedfor the failing likes the building but doesnt like the Trump sign
People are LOVING the Trump sign on the Chicago building. Big league tweets, letters and calls
In answer to your questions about my favorite impersonator, the answer is Darrell Hammond.
Before I bought the site, the Sun Times had the biggest, ugliest sign Chicago has ever seen. Mine is magnificent and popular.
Thank you for the wonderful and honest poll results on Chicago sign. People love it! 
92 stories above North Michigan Avenue, s 5-Star rated rooms have the best views of Chicago 
Had a great time yesterday on with,, &amp; guest host !
If you want to be successful in business, you must take risks. Make sure each risk is calculated and can have a positive fallback.
Iran is moving troops into Iraq under the guise that it is helping out. Actually, they will take over Iraq and all of their oil. Stupid U.S.
Turnberry in Scotland is a far superior golf course to Pinehurst - and it isn't even close! Likewise the Blue Monster at Doral.
I have been very consistent and always said that Iraq would fall as soon as the U.S. left. What a terrible waste of lives and money!
Have you ever seen Trump National/Bedminster or Trump International Golf links in Scotland. Both far better than Pinehurst!
Blair, you may be the worst architectural critic in the business but thanks for your nice reviews about Trump Chicago &amp; sign PR
Remember, it was Martin K who sank the big ten footer to win the Ryder Cup. He can handle the pressure!
Big news from Scotland on Turnberry (which, by the way, blows Pinehurst away!) tomorrow morning. Stay tuned.
My position on Pinehurst is correct - bad for the game, a dried out cow pasture. You have no clue but keep trying!
Matt, you don't understand golf (even though you think you do).I have numerous couses that are far superior to Pinehurst
Matt, how many club championships have you won? I hear zero, or 18 fewer than me! Lets play for a lot?
Will be doing Fox &amp; Friends at 7 - 2 minutes.
Virginia's highest rated wine by, is inspired by the regions of Bordeaux &amp; Champagne 
The only reason I am critical of the Pinehurst look is because Im a lover of golfand that look on TV hurts golf badly.
If anybody else but Coore and Crenshaw designed Pinehurst they would be run out of town(and the turtleback greens are totally unfair)!
Congratulations to on their championship. Well-deserved.
The VA scandal will only get worse over the time. Our vets deserve the best care possible. We must be open to private solutions.
Turnberry- one of the most beautiful places in the world.... soon to be Trump Turnberry, a Luxury 
Iraq is no longer our problem. We never should have been there in the first place!
When ISIS caught the soldiers, do you think they read them their legal rights prior to executing them?
I know about the rustic look on golf coursesbut see photo of highly rated Trump National Philadelphiaa real gem. 
I bought the great Turnberry Resort today - considered by many to have the greatest golf course in the World. I will take good care of it!
It's time to let Pete Rose, the all time hits leader, into the Baseball Hall of Fame. Enough already!!!!!
I will be doing The Howard Stern Show at 7 a.m. (10 minutes). Always fun, and interesting, talking to Howard!
The perfect Hawaiian getaway, s 462 luxury guest rooms and suites each have spectacular views 
No one remembers who came in second. - Walter Hagen
The Trump Organization Finalizes Purchase of Legendary Turnberry Resort in Scotland. It's absolutely 
I was rightTV ratings for US Open are way down from last year. People dont want to look at a burned out, ugly course!
Breaking ground shortly, Trump Intl Washington DC will bring the DC Post Office far beyond its original grandeur 
Just met with the incoming Speaker of the Florida House, - a fantastic guy! He will be a truly great leader.
.s Spa has an array of 5 star services,12 treatment rooms &amp; 53 spa guestrooms w/great views 
Every poll shows high approval of the new sign on I am honored by the great support.
The exclusive home of, sits on 800 beautiful acres in the center of Miami 
A country that cannot protect its borders is a country destined to fail. Another broken promise by our leaders in Washington.
Will the Benghazi terrorist use the videotape as a defense? If so, will Obama apologize to him?
US Army Reserve will bring Conservative solutions to DC. Next Tuesday, vote for Lee in the NY-1 primary. #zeldinforcongress
What took so long to catch only 1 of the Benghazi terrorists? Especially after the killer has been taunting the US in the press f/2 yrs.
Manufacturing is now less than 9% of US GDP. The Rust Belt, heart of our countrys factory sector, has been destroyed by our leaders.
Mexico doesnt respect our border hourly Release USMC Tahmooressi NOW! Time for a boycott? #SaveOurMarine
Every day St. Maarten loses vital tourism dollars due to the incompetence of PM Sarah Westcot-Williams. 
PM Sarah Westcot-Williams incompetence should not be rewarded. You should vote for anyone who runs against herloser! 
is NYC's only 5 Star &amp; 5 Diamond hotel w/a 5 Star &amp; 5 Diamond restaurant 
Resolve never to quit, never to give up, no matter what the situation. -- Jack Nicklaus
I actually enjoyed the piece re sign Could it be that Im starting to like Jon Stewart?
#TBT Saturday Night Live 
Competitive golf is played mainly on a five-and-a-half-inch course... the space between your ears. - Bobby Jones
When youre at a meeting, monitor your behavior and work at being an observer - of yourself and of others. - Think Like a Billionaire
Listen - my Citizens United Political Victory Fund robo-call for #zeldinforcongress
I loved the day Paul Goldberger got fired (or left) as N.Y.Times architecture critic and has since faded into irrelevance. Kamin next!
N.Y. City is paying FORTY MILLION DOLLARS to five men that many think are guilty as hell. So many facts - should have been trial. Politics!
How much money are the lawyers for the Central Park Five getting out of the 40 million dollars, or are they paid by the City (or both)?
I will be on Fox &amp; Friends at 7 A.M. - 10 minutes. Much to talk about, enjoy!
The dying asked me to do an Editorial on the Central Park 5 ripoff &amp; then they pretend it was my idea. Loser newspaper!
The failing which just raised its prices because its dying, said I wear a wig when they know I dont. Dishonest.
Always make a total effort, even when the odds are against you. -- Arnold Palmer 
Flashbk - Trump: I would build a border fence like you have never seen before by 
Great going -you showed the world that all of that amazing talent is for real. We love you at Trump Jupiter 
I hope voters in Mississippi cast their ballot for He is strong, he is smart &amp; he wants things to change in Washington.
I am the only potential owner of the who will keep the team in Buffalo, where it belongs!
The Benghazi terrorist is getting speedier care than our Vets at the VA. Obama has his priorities.
The 9.11.12 attack on the Benghazi consulate was a sophisticated, multi-prong wave attack. When will all the 50+ fighters face justice?
Another cover-up. Obama wont disclose how many illegal immigrants he has released into our country No surprise.
In the center of Irelands rugged west coast, offers a beautiful golf course, top dining and a Spa 
The secret of getting ahead is getting started. -- Mark Twain
Congrats to on a great victory. I hope my robocalls helped! #NY1
Boycott Mexico until they release our Marine. With all the money they get from the U.S., this should be an easy one. NO RESPECT!
Now Syria is bombing Iraq and Secy. Kerry, after we blew the hell out of the place, says please don't do that. Syria is a front for Iran.
If you entered our country illegally and are then granted amnesty, why would you abide by other laws? No Amnesty!
Its Thursday. Which brand of eyeliner is the nations worst AG wearing today?
Failures are expected by losers, ignored by winners. -- 
America's top public course s greens on Palos Verdes Peninsula have been celebrated by 
I look forward to my press conference on Weds of next week to discuss changes &amp; big investment I'll make. Very exciting!
Eli Wallach was a great actor and a great guy. My opinion-- his performance in The Good the Bad and the Ugly was his all time best!
Secy John Kerry has a tough job but he looks so totally lost negotiating w/ those characters who are cleaning his clock. Sad to watch...
In other words, Secy John Kerry is so out of his element
Someone just wrote that you predicted every single major event thats now happeningand they knock you instead of giving you credit.
.s newly released book Special Heart brings a message of hope. All sales donated to heart charities 
Trump-Backed Candidate Wins NY GOP Primary 
After these spirited primaries are over, must be fully united for November. If we take the Senate, we stop Obamas agenda.
I'm leaving now for Ireland, Spain, Scotland and elsewhere--crazy life!
#TBT Filming an Oreo commercial with Eli Manning, Peyton Manning and Darrell Hammond- 
Our Q1 GDP was -2.9%. Worst in memory -- ObamaCare killing jobs, stopping growth and making small business insecure.
Control your own destiny or someone else will. -- Jack Welch
Success requires 100% effort and 100% focus. Nothing less.
Realize that persistence can go a long way. Being stubborn is often an attribute.
Practice positive thinking--this will keep you focused while weeding out anything that is unnecessary, negative or detrimental.
I just arrived in Barcelona. I make a big speech tomorrow and then off to Ireland and Scotland.
I know Shia LaBeouf and when sober, a really nice guy. Must get act together fast before too late.
Lightweight is driving business out of New York for his own public relations benefit. A real dope!
#FlashbackFriday Many big movies have filmed in my buildings. Here is in #Transformers 3. 
Ask yourself: What am I pretending not to see? There may be some great opportunities right around you.
I am in Ireland inspecting my great and very beautiful Atlantic Ocean property. It is one of the most spectacular hotels anywhere! DOONBEG
Always remember, I was the one who got Obama to release his birth certificate, or whatever that was! Hilary couldn't, McCain couldn't.
A testament to American ingenuity shines over Fifth Avenue as one of NYCs most iconic buildings 
I look forward to my press conference Scotland this Wednesday--lots of great people attending.
Business is a creative endeavor. Cultivate a sense of discovery and start thinking big.
What can you learn today that you didn't know before? Set the bar high -- do the best you possibly can.
Amazing. People are sending letters of support for s sign to my other properties, including even Thank you!
Entrepreneurs: See yourself as victorious: Look at the solution, not the problem.
Entrepreneurs: Believe in yourself. If you don't, no one else will either.
Trump Intl Washington D.C. is a historic building which our entire nation can take pride in &amp; enjoy Opening 2016 
Make your NYC getaway memorable -- provides both true luxury and top access to Midtown West 
Awarded the renowned 5-Star rating, the 65-story brings style, luxury &amp; impeccable service 
Achievers move forward at all times. Achievement is not a plateau, it's a beginning.
There's nothing wrong with bringing your talents to the surface. Having an ego and acknowledging it is a healthy choice.
I never quit trying. I never felt that I didn't have a chance to win. -- Arnold Palmer 
Donald Trump unveils vision for by 
Offering two championship courses, has been awarded the honor of hosting the 2017 
With an elite course designed by, is North Carolinas most desirable club 
To be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment.-- Ralph Waldo Emerson
Always bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more important than any other. -- Abraham Lincoln
Do these very stupid politicians who got us involved in Iraq look bad, or what? Everybody wants their oil - only made possible by U.S.!
I heard the fireworks show was amazing. Such a great club deserves it! See everyone there soon - fantastic place.
Let this be the day you go for your dream. Focus, don't give up, and only accept total and complete victory. You can do it!
Buy at the point of maximum pessimism; sell at the point of maximum optimism. -- Sir John Templeton
NYCs sole hamman, the bi-level features indoor &amp; outdoor relaxation lounges with luxury services 
Shelton School graduate receives handwritten note from Donald Trump 
Historic Change! Obama has spent over $44M of our money on travel expenses, the most for any president 
Obamas statement that illegals cant stay = Obamas promise if you like your healthcare plan you can keep it.
Your tax dollars well spent. Over 1.295M ObamaCare enrollees will also be illegal immigrants Are you surprised?
America is the experiment that works. - President Ronald Reagan
Our country will soon be relegated to THIRD WORLD status if proper decisions are not made by our president. He was never qualified for job!
Listen to others but never negate your own instincts. - Trump Never Give Up
Just looked at new selection of Donald J. Trump Signature Collection ties &amp; shirts -- fantastic! Would make great gifts!
Opening in 2016, s original twisting design will transform the skyline at 616 ft. &amp; 63 stories 
Set the example, and youll be a magnet for the right people. Thats the best way to work with people you like. - Think Like a Champion
High above the city, pool deck mixes business &amp; pleasure over a soaring bar of sky-bound gold 
In the heart of midtown New York is a landmark which hosts tourists from the around the world daily 
Located in the beautiful countryside of Mooresville, has a superb clubhouse &amp; top amenities 
Featuring &amp; Palm Grill, offers a wide array of acclaimed top dining options 
Obama is in Texas but will not be visiting the border. He is too busy fundraising!
Congratulations to Derek Jeter on being named to 2014 !
The most stringent gun laws in the U.S. happen to be in Chicago - and look what is happening there!
I hope you played well at Royal Aberdeen but u must admit the windmill hovering over hole 14 is disgusting &amp; inappropriate.
Central America's tallest building, s sleek design evokes a majestic sail fully deployed in the wind 
Our govt should immediately stop sending $s to Mexico, no friend, until they release Marine &amp; stop allowing immigrant inflow into U.S.
When will the U.S. stop sending $'s to our enemies, i.e. Mexico and others.
Mexico is allowing many thousands to go thru their country &amp; to our very stupid open door. The Mexicans are laughing at us as buses pass by.
Let your passion for your work carry you through all the setbacks they can throw at you. - Trump Never Give Up
Don't fight the problem, decide it. - General George C. Marshall
You have to learn the rules of the game. And then you have to play better than anyone else. -- Albert Einstein
If a person is #1 at Harvard and comes from Europe or Asia, they can't get into the U.S. From Mexico etc. with a criminal record, no problem
Rosie is back on the View which tells you how desperate they must be. It is the standard short term fix and long term disaster.
Rosie is crude, rude, obnoxious and dumb - other than that I like her very much!
On the luxurious Palos Verdes Peninsula features top public course &amp; elite restaurants 
Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts. -- Winston Churchill
The three great essentials to achieve anything worth while are: Hard work, stick-to-itiveness, and common sense. -- Thomas A. Edison
THE HARDER YOU WORK, THE LUCKIER YOU GET!
I can't believe that 60 Minutes is right now showing our nuclear facilities for the world to see (at request of U.S. leadership). STUPID!
Again, for all of the haters and losers, I have NOTHING to do with Atlantic City - got out a long time ago!
Record cold temperatures in July - 20 to 30 degrees colder than normal. What the hell happened to GLOBAL WARMING?
It is a joke the amount of time that network news spends talking about the weather. No wonder their ratings are way down! Enough already.
The new hot term that they have recently invented is POLAR VORTEX - give me a break!
The only global warming that people should be concerned with is the global warming caused by nuclear weapons because of our weak U.S. leader
Deserter Bergdahl returns to active duty as parents of brave soldiers killed looking for him grieve. Obama trying to play this mistake down!
Can you imagine trading five really bad enemies of the U.S. for the freedom of traitor Bergdahl. Just another bad deal!
Iran looks like it is toying with John Kerry on nuclear talks - he is begging for a deal to save face. Negotiation is just not his thing!
Rickie Fowler Instagram photos | Websta 
On stunning Aberdeenshire coastline, features a classic Scottish link threaded through the dunes 
Trump: Illegal Immigrants Are Getting Treated Better than Vets by 
Mexico sent USMC Andrew Tahmooressi back to jail after court hearing. Mexico does not respect our border or U.S. Boycott! #FreeOurMarine
features wide open pristine fairways, tour caliber greens, 64 strategically placed sand bunkers 
Designed by, Trump Golf Links at Ferry Point's 18-hole course sits by the Bronx's Whitestone Bridge 
Diligence is the mother of good luck. -- Benjamin Franklin
Again, I have nothing to do with the Atlantic City closing - I have not even been there in many years. Some press was accurate, some not!
Lucky for New York, highly respected John Cahill is running for NY State AG against incumbent lightweight dope 
John Cahill is highly respected in all circlesreally nice to see that hes running for New York State Attorney General. 
The best vision is insight. -- Malcolm Forbes
Awarded the prestigious 2014 5-Star Guide is located in beautiful downtown Toronto 
Obama claims that he needs an extra $4B to secure the border. Well then he should not have wasted $5B on the ObamaCare website.
If Obama is concerned about the border, he should stop vacationing. Gov't will save millions which it can use to stop illegal migration.
You can always become better. - 
Congrats to Obama &amp; Democrats. CBO has just announced that ObamaCare missed its uninsured target by half &amp; program costs extra $700B+.
Winning isn't everything, but the will to win is everything. -- Vince Lombardi
.149 award winning guest rooms offer a perfect blend of Edwardian tradition and timeless design 
Problems are never truly hardships to winners, &amp; if you havent got any, then you must not have a business to run.
The 48,000 sq. ft. Spa boasts 33 treatment rooms and over 100 signature spa services and treatments 
Adversity is a fact of life. Be bigger than the problems, be ready to fight for your rights, &amp; all will be well - Trump Never Give Up
Always bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more important than any other. -- Abraham Lincoln
The Honolulu accommodations of are the perfect merger of beauty and function 
See yourself as having a lot already, and keep your integrity intact. Its the best path to comprehensive success. - Think Like a Champion
In beautiful Pine Hill, Trump Natl Philadelphias award winning course provides amazing views of Philly skyline 
Create your own visual style... let it be unique for yourself and yet identifiable for others. - Orson Welles
Never confuse a single defeat with a final defeat. - F. Scott Fitzgerald
I will be on Fox &amp; Friends at 7.00 (20 minutes). Plenty of terrible and tragic news to talk about! Too bad.
Every strike brings me closer to the next home run. - Babe Ruth
Give yourself a chance--make every day a discovery.
Re Negotiation: Realize that persistence can go a long way. Being stubborn is often an attribute.
is terrific but for Obama to fly on Air Force One ($s) to do the show in these bad times is ridiculous.
Its Monday. How many fundraisers will Obama hold today?
Many people have said Im the worlds greatest writer of 140 character sentences.
I believe that President Obama is so overwhelmed by what is happening in the U.S. and throughout the World that he has totally given up!
I try to learn from the past, but I plan for the future by focusing exclusively on the present. That's where the fun is!
ObamaCare strikes again. Major insurer announced that over 53,000 New Yorkers will be dropped from their plans 
Concentration and mental toughness are the margins of victory. - Bill Russell
offers multiple award winning dining options in our all-new signature restaurant and lounges 
Trump Intl Palm Beach offers an award winning par 72 Championship measuring 7,326 yards. Florida's top course 
Thanks for coming to my defense in Rolling Stone Magazine. As I have often said, you are a terrific guy!
You have enemies? Good. That means you've stood up for something, sometime in your life. -- Winston Churchill
Going to D.C. for big groundbreaking on Old Post Office site. Will be spectacular new hotel. Lots of jobs!
Why is Washington ready to spend billions on care for illegals while our VA is still in shambles? Vets should be the priority.
Article: More illegals enter than people born in state each week. 
Wow, Obama really put it to Israel by canceling flights there. This puts them at a tremendous disadvantage. Tourism and more will just stop.
A momentous day. Great job on Old Post Office--we will make you proud!
.s exceptional dining w/equally exceptional views of the city are exclusive world-class experiences 
Today's groundbreaking at the Old Post Office Building in D.C. was amazing. Great people, great dedication. 
Obama is on yet another two-day West Coast fundraising swing. Has to fit it in before his 15 day tax-payer funded vacation.
Less than 1% of Obamas $4B immigration request will go towards immediate border security. A real scam. Enforce our laws now!
The best way to build a successful business is by results. In the end, that is what counts.
Iran will only get stronger in Iraq with the latest civil war. We should have taken the oil immediately after the invasion.
Donald Trump: $200 Million D.C. Hotel Will Be Among Worlds Best 
Winners embrace hard work. - 
It's not whether you get knocked down, it's whether you get up. -- Vince Lombardi
I had a great time in D.C. yesterday at the Trump International Hotel- OPO groundbreaking ceremony. Watch- 
I say we cannot continue to let Obama fly around on Air Force 1, at a cost of millions of dollars a day, for the purpose of politics &amp; play!
Age is whatever you think it is. You are as old as you think you are. - 
An architectural landmark, offers sweeping, panoramic views of Fifth Avenue 
Be objective and strive to be your own counselor. Listen to others but know the final decision is yours. - Think Like a Champion
Making money is art and working is art and good business is the best art. -- Andy Warhol
I am not surprised that Seth is absolutely dying in the ratings! He is truly an awkward, mumbling jerk. Too bad!
So many major problems for the U.S., and no answers by our leaders. When will it all change? Many of our difficulties are so easy to solve!
provides luxury accommodations &amp; a championship Par 72 7,400 yd. course. Book your tee time now 
Watched Gennady Golovkin at MSG on Saturday night. He was fantastic--should fight !
Opening in 2016, Trump Hotel Rio de Janeiro will be a 13-story, 171-guestroom masterpiece with a beachside view 
The Republicans owe an apology for blowing the 2012 election. How could they lose to Obama?!
Successful leaders see the opportunities in every difficulty rather than the difficulty in every opportunity.- Reed Markham
It's late in July and it is really cold outside in New York. Where the hell is GLOBAL WARMING??? We need some fast! It's now CLIMATE CHANGE
Be ready for problems-youll have them every day. Keep your focus and be as big as your daily challenges. - Trump Never Give Up
Get our Marine out of Mexico. 
Along with two championship courses on the Potomac River, s also offers limitless social events 
My int. on the border crisis, #BringBackOurMarine &amp; Obamas ineptitude &amp; the economy 
Watch - Obama will not fix the illegal immigrant loophole. Instead he will sign another executive action giving more amnesty.
Youth unemployment is at a record high. ObamaCare is a job destroyer which is ruining aspiring careers. It must be repealed.
When in doubt, Obama fundraises. He has held 393 fundraisers in six years. Another record.
Environmental regulations stop Border Patrol from protecting 40% of the border A coup for the migrant Democrats.
Celebrated doctor will be a tremendous Senator. Louisiana - send a Conservative to the Senate, vote for Bill this November!
Congratulations Andre, you deserve it!
Central Park Horse Show To Make Inaugural Debut in NYC Sept 18-21 I am proud to be a sponsor!
I cant believe that Prime Minister is giving massive subsidy to Scotland to destroy itself with windfarms.
It's time for Mountain State to have a Senator who will stop Obamas war on coal. This November send DC a message, vote for !
Each life is made up of mistakes and learning, waiting and growing, practicing patience and being persistent. - Rev. 
In any business, there will be ups and downs. If you can weather the rough times your success will be even greater during high times.
I support K-9s for Warriors, a wonderful organization that trains service dogs for veterans. Please contact 
.s river, lake and skyline views in each of its deluxe 5 Star guestrooms 
Vera Coking made a big mistake in Atlantic City by turning down many millions of $s years ago for property that just sold for $530,000.
Vera Coking saved me mucho money by turning down my offerthanks Vera!
If Vera Coking had taken my millions of $s like she should have, she would have lived for many years in Palm Beach, Florida.
Trump Intl Palm Beach offers a spectacular course, with hill vistas, bunkers and incredible water features. 
Developing your talent requires work, and work creates luck. - Trump Never Give Up
Ebola patient will be brought to the U.S. in a few days - now I know for sure that our leaders are incompetent. KEEP THEM OUT OF HERE!
Stop the EBOLA patients from entering the U.S. Treat them, at the highest level, over there. THE UNITED STATES HAS ENOUGH PROBLEMS!
., s signature restaurant, has set the standard for todays modern steakhouse 
If you think you can do a thing or think you can't do a thing, you're right. -- Henry Ford
As Prime Minister, why are you spending vast amounts of money to subsidize ugly wind turbines in Scotland that nobody wants?
Why do you give Scotland so much money to destroy their magnificent land with wind turbines-causing massive taxes &amp; E bills
So many lives and two trillion dollars wasted, and our worst enemies will get the 2nd largest oil reserves in the World. Such stupid leaders
The ObamaCare website is in the news again - it is turning out to cost even more than previously thought, AND IT DOESN'T WORK! Big trouble!
The fact that we are taking the Ebola patients, while others from the area are fleeing to the United States, is absolutely CRAZY-Stupid pols
works really hard but is a guy who just doesn't have it - a total loser!
We should have taken the oil in Iraq, and now our mortal enemies have got it, and with no opposition. Really dumb U.S. pols! I'm so angry!
One of the tallest office buildings in downtown NYC, 40 Wall Street is a classic Art Deco building 
Mayor Bill Vescio of Briarcliff Manor, Westchester, is doing a terrible job. Horrible roads, high taxes, housing down. 
Briarcliff Manor should get a better town manager. Philip Zegarelli has no cluebad roads, a total puppet of the mayor? 
A doctor on NBC Nightly News agreed with me-we should not bring Ebola into our country through two patients, but should bring docs to them.
Our government now imports illegal immigrants and deadly diseases. Our leaders are inept.
Doctors have already died treating Ebola We should not be importing the disease to our homeland.
Being true to yourselfwill give you a lot of power over any negatives thrown your way. - Midas Touch
Impeach Obama and elect Trump 
Congratulations to on being named the Power Player of the Week 
The ultimate vacation destination, s sleek design evokes a majestic sail fully deployed in the wind 
Its Tuesday. How many fundraisers, travelling on the taxpayer dime, will Obama hold today?
The $200M in renovations of Trump Intl Washington DC are on track. The Old Post Office is being transformed into true luxury.
The Village offers a variety of 5 Star dining experiences for everyday dining &amp; catered affairs 
Congratulations to on his recent 26th year anniversary. Rush has revolutionized talk radio! Sorry haters and losers!
Think big. Stay focused. Be passionate. Dont ever give up
Thanks for your nice statement I just want to do as well as you have with See u soon
The belief that security can be obtained by throwing a small state to the wolves is a fatal delusion.-Winston Churchill
SECURE THE BORDER! BUILD A WALL!
Learning never exhausts the mind. -- Leonardo da Vinci
Remain open to new ideas. That's where innovation begins.
Investors are visionaries in some respects--they look beyond the present.
Vision remains vision until you focus, do the work, and bring it down to earth where it will do some good.
With over 260 5 Star guest rooms &amp; suites is 65 stories of pure luxury in the center of downtown Toronto 
Located in South Ayrshire, Scotland, offers diverse dining options suitable for any occasion 
These are something I just can't buy. Excited for the 
ObamaCare premiums rising 13.2% in 2015 Elections have consequences!
What other country tells the enemy when we are going to attack like Obama is doing with ISIS. Whatever happened to the element of surprise?
The new winner of the pageant K. Lee Graham 
One of top public courses, course stands as a testament to the greatness of golf 
New Yorks mute Schneiderman is feckless and corrupt.
Iraq is more dangerous today than any time under Saddam. War was a mistake, as I said from the very beginning. Bush &amp; Obama should apologize
With 18 beautiful holes, each boasting unique characteristics, Trump Natl Philadelphia is a Golf treasure 
Obama will send troops back into Iraq combat zone. Dont believe anything he says. Just covering for his mistakes.
Same CDC which is bringing Ebola to US misplaced samples of anthrax earlier this year Be careful.
If you know the enemy and know yourself you need not fear the results of a hundred battles. - Sun Tzu
The World as we know it is falling apart. Much of the blame can be attributed to the fact that the United States is no longer respected!
Sorry, won't be doing Fox &amp; Friends this morning - will be in India on a couple of major business deals!
.s 176 rooms have floor-to-ceiling windows providing unparalleled views of Central Park &amp; NYC 
A spectacular lake front club w/ dramatic course designed by, is NCs top club 
We would accomplish many more things if we did not think of them as impossible. - Vince Lombardi
Remember that fear can be conquered. Go full throttle, and the odds will be on your side. - Trump Never Give Up
Do not view any failure as the end. Learn your lessons quickly, then move on. - Think Big
Robin Williams was a truly wonderful actor &amp; comedian. One of the few people who could make me laugh. Very tragic.
Just watched Full Metal Jacket, can't believe R. Lee Ermey didn't win the Academy Award as the drill sergeant. Political nominations!
Donald Trump plans investment in India betting on Modi government 
Host of the 2022 &amp; 2017 #USWomensOpen, Trump Natl Bedminster offers 36 holes of world class golf 
If you are passionate about your endeavors, it will be reflected back to you in your end result. - Trump Never Give Up
The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing. - Walt Disney
Entrepreneurs: Keep your momentum. Without momentum, a lot of great ideas go nowhere.
Entrepreneurs: Resolve to be bigger than your problems. Whos the boss?
Be ready for problems. Youll have them every day, so keep things in perspective. Ask yourself: Is this a blip or is it a catastrophe?
Just started building one of the great hotels of the World in Washington, D.C., the site of the Old Post Office. Will be amazing - JOBS!
Donald Trump plans to build a Trump Tower in Mumbai 
Perception about India has changed, says Donald Trump by Kailash Babar
.s highest rated wine in Virginia, is the premier name in sophistication and quality 
A 7,242 yd. masterpiece, s $250 million course features 18 challenging holes with incredible views 
When everyone works with the same energy, loyalty and focus, it makes for smooth sailing all around. - Midas Touch
Keep the big picture in mind. There are always opportunities, and thinking too small can negate a lot of them.
#TrumpAdvice 
On 59th &amp; Park Avenue, Trump Park Avenue transformed the legendary Hotel Delmonico into 120 luxury residences 
Est. in 1906, is home to the iconic Ailsa, Championship course four times over 
Destiny has a part to play in your life and in your business--so give it a chance to work. - Think Like a Champion
The first General killed in a combat zone since Vietnam, it is a travesty that Obama did not attend Major General Harold Greenes funeral
Believe you can and you're halfway there. -- Theodore Roosevelt
Re Negotiation: Know exactly what you want &amp; focus on that. View conflict as an opportunity--this will expand your mind and your horizons.
Re Negotiation: Persistence can go a long way. Being stubborn can be good. The key is to know when to loosen up.
Thanks Monique!
ISIS made a big mistake with the beheading of the reporter. Even people against intervention want them blown into oblivion. LEADERSHIP!
A world-famous testament to architectural excellence, features a 60-ft waterfall 
46 stories in the center of downtown New York, s 391 spacious rooms each have floor-to-ceiling windows 
On beautiful Lake Norman, offers a state of the art Clubhouse to complement its championship course 
Towering over trendy Bay Street, offers 118 stunning condominiums w/ multi-angle views &amp; elite amenities 
Chalk failure up to experience, dont take it personally, and go find your next challenge. - Trump: Never Give Up
tower unit sets resale record at $3.99M 
The Greater Miami area and numerous others are fighting hard to get the Miss Universe Pageant. A decision will be made very soon!
I will be on at 7.30 A.M.
That Seth Meyers is hosting the Emmy Awards is a total joke. He is very awkward with almost no talent. Marbles in his mouth!
We will now be helping Syria and Iran by attacking ISIS - ironic, isn't it!
Obamas motto: If I dont go on tax payer funded vacations &amp; constantly fundraise then the terrorists win.
Obama sent weapons through Benghazi to ISIS yet he is holding up shipments to Israel. What is he thinking?
is the most competitive GOP option against Obamas amnesty loving He can win!
Donald Trump: ISIS 'Awakens the Lion' With Journalist Beheading (includes video)
Emmy Awards show was terrible last night. Same shows winning over and over again (politics). Amazing race a joke. Host Seth Meyers bombed!
Young entrepreneurs - be resolute in your drive for success. Gain momentum. Once you succeed, promote yourself!
Its Tuesday. How many jobs has ObamaCare cost the economy today?
Poll: Hispanics, Blacks Call for Tighter Borders, Access to Illegals' Jobs 
is Sin Citys most elite destination. Treat yourself to Vegas most luxurious hotel rooms 
Remember, the harder you work, the luckier you get!
Always bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more important than any other. -- Abraham Lincoln
is the only Forbes 5 Star &amp; 5 Diamond hotel with a 5 Star &amp; Five-Diamond restaurant in NYC 
.s award winning dining options also offer the best views of the city 
Congratulations to on Emmys Rating Tumble Just as I predicted, Seth bombed!.
I think I'm going to accept the #IceBucketChallenge- stay tuned to my Twitter tomorrow.
Bo, I heard you were great at Trump National Westchester - I am not at all surprised. Keep playing well, you are a winner!
Congratulations to and Your baby has seriously good genes, will be a champ!
We have got to get our Marine out of that disgusting Mexican jail. Would be so easy if we had a real leader. One tough phone call &amp; he's out
I have asked the reigning Miss Universe and Miss USA to do the honors. At least I will not have to wash my hair this morning! Enjoy.
The ALS #IceBucketChallenge that Trumps them all- 
ICYMI The ALS #IceBucketChallenge that Trumps them all- 
#IceBucketChallenge For those of you who wanted a picture here it is- 
Good luck and best wishes to my dear friend, the wonderful and very talented Joan Rivers! Winner of Celebrity Apprentice, amazing woman.
But did his hair survive? &amp; dump water over Donald Trump 
Obama once said he would be ignoring the law by granting amnesty through executive action. Now hes about to do it. What will Congress do?
Every big thinker has had to start as a nobody. Just think big &amp; that immediately distinguishes you from the majority. - Think Big
Get well soon Joan - keep fighting!
What is happening in Atlantic City, casino closures, is very sad - but does anybody give me credit for getting out before its demise? Timing
In my book, had a lousy doctor, shoving a camera down her throat at her age. Something went really wrong that should not have!
Remember this, the worst doctors (by far) are celebrity doctors. If you see their names, or read about them in the newspapers, stay away!
Have you been watching how Saudi Arabia has been taunting our VERY dumb political leaders to protect them from ISIS. Why aren't they paying?
Saudi Arabia should fight their own wars, which they won't, or pay us an absolute fortune to protect them and their great wealth-$ trillion!
The #Hyperlapse app in - 
Watch and accept my #ALSIceBucketChallenge- 
I succeeded by saying what everyone else is thinking. - 
The idea flow from the human spirit is absolutely unlimited. All you have to do is tap into that well. - 
I am being proven right about massive vaccinationsthe doctors lied. Save our children &amp; their future.
Entrepreneurs: Put everything you've got into what you're doing. Know exactly what you want and go for it. Nothing should be haphazard.
Entrepreneurs: Keep the big picture in mind. There are always opportunities, and thinking too small can negate a lot of them.
Entrepreneurs: Never give up. Be tough. Apply your skills and talent, but above all, be tenacious.
Entrepreneurs: See yourself as victorious: Look at the solution, not the problem.
Entrepreneurs: Do not view any failure as the final say for your efforts. Learn your lessons quickly, then move on.
I attended concert last night in Newark, NJ. Doesnt get any better than that. was fantastic, great energy!
The next generation of luxury, will be the icon of the Vancouver skyline 
As we are learning the hard way both domestically &amp; internationally, hope is not a strategy.
China continues to be on the move both technologically and militarily. Obama is sitting by and watching.
Any American who fights w/ ISIS in Iraq or Syria should have their passport revoked. If they try to come back in, send them to Gitmo.
Senator Landrieu, If you are a Senator representing Louisiana, then you SHOULD own a home in the state. Send to the Senate!
Mold yourself into the person who can do big things. - Think Big
Joan Rivers was an amazing woman and a great friend. Her energy and talent were boundless. She will be greatly missed.
In memory of Joan Rivers- watch when she became my Celebrity Apprentice- which meant so much to her! 
The Mar-a-Lago Club, the crown jewel of Palm Beach, is a landmark in the National Register of Historic Places 
Must read quote by in article Builders race to develop sky-high condo buildings 
Best of luck to on his debut this Sunday.
The ObamaCare website was hacked. $5B dollars later and the site cant even secure your personal information.
I'm not saying to not give vaccines, I am just saying give them small doses over a long period of time - not one massive dose for a child.
President Obama has just reached an ALL-TIME low approval rating! Is anybody surprised? The happiest person is former President Jimmy Carter
I just started construction of The Old Post Office on Pennsylvania Avenue in D.C. Many jobs. Will be finest hotel in U.S. Watch it happen!
Remember, anything you read about Atlantic City has nothing to do with me. I sold years ago and left. Good timing but very sad!
One of the big problems facing Atlantic City are the ridiculously high real estate taxes which I fought for years before leaving.Corruption!
I will be going to the funeral of my friend Joan Rivers today. I got to know her really well when she became the winner of The Apprentice!
Joan Rivers had great talent, but also truly amazing stamina and drive - she would never give up or quit. That is why she became a champion!
We just finished shooting a new season of Celebrity Apprentice and happily for all, Joan plays my advisor in two episodes. She was great!
Getting ready to pay final respect to GREAT LADY Joan Rivers. She could light up a room like no other! She will be greatly missed.
I will be on Fox &amp; Friends at 7.00 a.m. (30 minutes). Enjoy!
If amnesty is so popular according to the DC ruling class, then why is Obama delaying his executive action until after the election?
Learning is a new beginning we can give ourselves every day. - Trump: How to Get Rich
New poll states that a record number of Americans have lost all faith in President Obama - duh!
The Trump Signature Collection available offers top new designs for your fall wardrobe. Dress your best! 
Boasting &amp; 5 Star ratings, s features a superb menu 
Fact - Obama still has not fixed the backend of the ObamaCare website. This could be the greatest internet boondoggle in history.
Why are we giving away our entire strategy and tactics we will deploy against ISIS? It puts our troops at a disadvantage.
ICYMI, my from yesterday on Obamas dangerous disconnect 
Windmills are the greatest threat in the US to both bald and golden eagles. Media claims fictional global warming is worse.
Always remember that the future comes one day at a time. - Dean Acheson
I made a great deal of money in Atlantic City, but left years ago when I saw so many political mistakes being made. I have ZERO involvement!
Where serenity meets luxury: Trump Natl Jupiters Spa offers treatments which help restore youthful vitality 
38 stories high, s 462 luxury guest rooms &amp; suites offer exceptional services 
Donald Trump Talks Joan Rivers by 
Imposing dunes on the Aberdeenshire coastline, s Championship course is a classical Scottish links 
Flashback from October, 2013: Donald Trump demands larger iPhone screen Youre welcome! Apple listened.
Attention Arnold Palmer: Happy Birthday, Arnold. There is no one like you --The King! 
If Obama resigns from office NOW, thereby doing a great service to the countryI will give him free lifetime golf at any one of my courses!
I just want to know how much is Saudi Arabia and others who we are helping willing to pay for our saving from total extinction. Pay up now!
Middle Eastern countries must participate militarily (no running away) and big league financially in order for us to go in and save them!
Tell Saudi Arabia and others that we want (demand!) free oil for the next ten years or we will not protect their private Boeing 747s.Pay up!
Can you believe that our very stupid politicians released the leader of ISIS and now we are spending billions trying to get him back!
I can't believe that the judge in the Oscar Pistorious case has found him not guilty of murder. No one has been more guilty since O.J.!
They should have rebuilt the two buildings of the World Trade Center exactly as they were, except taller and stronger. A better statement!
On 9/11, we pray for the victims and their families of the attack and give thanks to all who have sacrificed for justice &amp; our freedom.
My interview on 9/13/01 with a German reporter after visiting Ground Zero 
The judge in the Oscar Pistorious case is a total moron. She said he didn't act like a killer. This is another O.J. disaster!
With a designed course directly along the water, is North Carolinas elite club 
.s interview discussing the starving demand that is fueling high-end luxury 
Sen. Kay Hagan voted for Amnesty &amp; ObamaCare. She is a proven liberal who recklessly goes along with Obama. Vote in November!
ObamaCare has cut workers pay by over $22B &amp; eliminated 350,000+ small business jobs Repeal before it's too late!
Secretary Kerry cannot get other nations to join us in fighting ISIS. They are afraid and he is a poor salesman who reps a pathetic leader!
Money was never a big motivation for me, except as a way to keep score. The real excitement is playing the game!
I have nothing to do with Atlantic City-sold years ago (great timing). For losers and haters, I NEVER went bankrupt. Plus $10 billion, sorry
I will be on Fox and Friends at.7.00 A.M. Enjoy!
Good luck to the people of Scotland, whatever their decision may be on Thursday. The whole world is watchingreally exciting!
With championship links s world-class amenities also include dining &amp; luxury accommodations 
Pageant Coming to in 2015 
Tickets on sale for Loeb School Event, featuring Donald Trump 
Congratulations to Obama on building a strong economy. There are 49,500,000 people on food stamps. A historic record!
Don't expect to build up the weak by pulling down the strong. - Calvin Coolidge
If you cant focus with unyielding resolve, then you will never be successful. Believe in yourself and you can accomplish your goals.
I left Atlantic City years ago, good timing. Now I may buy back in, at much lower price, to save Plaza &amp; Taj. They were run badly by funds!
It is so sad to see what has happened to Atlantic City. So many bad decisions by the pols over the years - airport, convention center, etc.
Can you believe that the U.S. will be sending 3000 troops to Africa to help with Ebola.They will come home infected? We have enough problems
Does anybody notice that Atlantic City lost its magic after I left years ago. I had the big boxing, introduced UFC (ask Dana),the best shows
I've realized that success requires 100% effort and 100% focus. Nothing less.
Entrepreneurs: Achievers move forward at all times. Achievement is not a plateau, it's a beginning.
Entrepreneurs: Believe in yourself. If you don't, no one else will either.
Just met with David Perdue Hes a fantastic guy who will fight hard against ObamaCare. He will win!
Right To Play uses the power of play to educate and empower children facing adversity. A great cause--check it out. 
IMPORTANT - &amp; will hold a hearing on Oct. 1w/USMC Sgt. Tahmooressis mother &amp; wife 
Every day Mexico continues to hold Sgt. Tahmooressi is an insult to our country.
Success is having to worry about every damn thing in the world, except money. - Johnny Cash
On Mike and Mike, in two minutes!
There is a point in every contest when sitting on the sidelines is not an option. -- Dean Smith
Great article on so-called climate change, formerly known as global warming. 
With panoramic views of Central Park &amp; the Manhattan skyline, 5 Star offers 176 newly renovated rooms 
Must read article by &amp; : Americas Untapped Energy Weapon We don't need foreign oil!
Are the Republicans going to blow their chance to take the Senate? Must focus on ObamaCare and amnesty.
So Obama wants to bomb ISIS in Iraq &amp; arm them in Syria? What is he doing!
Sometimes you have to take a half step back to take two forward. - 
Congratulations on getting the Miss Universe Pageant to come to Doral/Miami - it will be a great show and a tremendous success!
Realize that persistence can go a long way. Being stubborn is often an attribute.
Learn, work and think in equal proportions and you'll be going in the right direction.
The people of Scotland have spokena great decision. I wish well &amp; look forward to playing golf with him at Aberdeen!
I am convinced that if had not pushed ugly wind turbines all over Scotland, the vote would have been much better for him!
Congratulations to Georgina Bloomberg on winning the inaugural Central Park Grand Prix CSI 3* 
Leading by 13 over Landrieu in a poll, will beat her in November.
Brand new selection of Trump Signature Collection shirts and ties Go check them out.
Why are we sending thousands of ill-trained soldiers into Ebola infested areas of Africa! Bring the plague back to U.S.? Obama is so stupid.
What separates the winners from the losers is how a person reacts to each new twist of fate.
They just called this the biggest scandal in U.S. sports history (GMA). Roger looks really weak and indecisive, must put on a better front!
The NFL image is really tarnished! Now, if the sponsors start leaving and the ratings go down, the NFL will be in big trouble. Boring games!
The NFL should have its non-profit status immediately revoked while at the same time ending the giant tax scam which makes teams so valuable
Our country has become so politically correct that it has lost all sense of direction or purpose. We are unable to move forward painlessly.
Good morning. I will be on Fox and Friends at 7.00 (30 minutes). Enjoy! 
Interesting article about Atlantic City 
From rags to riches, and back to rags! 
Obamas rollout of his ISIS war plan is another unmitigated disaster. The Generals must be furious.
Why would the people of Kentucky want a rookie Senator- they have Sen. Mitch who may be next Leader &amp; bring $s to KY
According to many, ISIS was given so much time and so many signals as to when we would start bombing that they were able to prepare and hide
DAMAC &amp; #Trump Organization are developing a 2nd Trump #golf course, Trump World Golf Club #Dubai, at AKOYA Oxygen! 
Zegarelli and Vescio: Pine Road looks like hell. Must be re-paved nowvery bad for town. 
The &amp; 5 star restaurant, s is NYC's top destination 
Obama administration said that Saudi Arabia was on Syrias border Wrong. These are the civilians planning the war.
With Terry McAuliffe, Gov of Virginia, at the Trump Winery in Charlottesville, VA--largest on East Coast. 
Donald Trump golf clubhouse at Menie approved 
Congratulations on being named a Great East Coast Hotels for Teens and Families by 
Happy New Year to all my Jewish friends celebrating the holiday.
Go to to help my friend Scott Brown take back our Senate.
When youre in a fight with a bully, always throw the first punchand dont telegraph ithit hard &amp; hit fast!
.No offense, and good luck on the new show, but remember, you started it! 
Ill bet if I didnt harass Apple for the last 2 years about the large screen iPhone, they wouldnt have done itbut it bends &amp; breaks!
Watching the Ryder Cup on Very interesting and tough matches. Amazing sport, my favorite!
With $250M of renovations, Trump Int'l DCs 250 expansive guest rooms will be DC's top offering of amenities &amp; views 
Las Vegas' most elite destination, has 64 stories of golden glass &amp; offers ultimate luxury 
My friend Derek is a special athlete and special person--there is nobody like him. 
I wonder if I run for PRESIDENT, will the haters and losers vote for me knowing that I will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN? I say they will!
I will be on Monday morning at 7.00. A lot to talk about!
I will be releasing the full interview with a guy named Baxter only to show the bias and stupidity of him and Clowns!
Every time I speak of the haters and losers I do so with great love and affection. They cannot help the fact that they were born fucked up!
I will be doing at 7.00 (15 minutes).
Charlie, call me - we'll set up a match with Gary and Damon. Doral now finished and doing great!
What a year it has been for you -- and this weekend topped it off. Fantastic job, see u at Doral.
The display you put on this weekend was unprecedented. Even the best putters couldn't believe it. You're amazing. See u soon.
Great going and almost as importantly, your clothing line is selling well!
Great going this weekend. You are a true champion!
You are the toughest guy there is. If you were a boxer youd be the champ. Great going!
Your commentary this weekend was fantastic. People love what you say and how you say it.
Patrick ReedWe are proud to have you as our champion at Doral. Love the attitude &amp; the play. See you in March at the Cadillac WGC.
Inside Donald Trump's Scottish golf course 
Must watch for all Georgians s new ad Secure Our Border Michelle Nunn supports amnesty &amp; ObamaCare
Interesting case from UK re and abusive troll 
Jeanne Shaheen wants amnesty for illegals, placed the deciding vote for ObamaCare &amp; opposes the 2nd Amendment. Vote her out in November!
It wasn't only that Obama saluted a Marine with a cup of coffee in his hand, but why the hell does he have to exit a heli holding coffee?
36 hrs Central Park as seen in including a stop for a bite in Full article 
Excited to see s elevated fine dining explored by ! 
Keep your momentum. Without momentum, a lot of great ideas go nowhere.
Fact--Obama does not read his intelligence briefings nor does he get briefed in person by the CIA or DOD. Too busy I guess!
President Obama should stay out of the Hong Kong protests, we have enough problems in our own country! Can't even properly police White House
How dumb is our president to send thousands of poorly trained and ill-equipped soldiers over to West Africa to fight Ebola. Stop all flights
The woman who is the Secret Service Director looks like she is way over her head.Why can't the president appoint the best and the brightest?
Stop flights into the U.S. from West Africa immediately!
Our national security starts at the border. Do you think ISIS &amp; al-Qaeda are just in the Middle East?
Obama can attend a fundraiser every day but cant be bothered to get briefed on national security. Commander-in-Chief?!
We have millions in our country unemployed yet we are wasting millions arming Syrian rebels. What is wrong with Washington?!
Designed by, s Deluxe Guestrooms feature impeccable furnishing and details 
A Diamond &amp; Green Star Diamond Award winner, is the nations top public course 
Ebola is much easier to transmit than the CDC and government representatives are admitting. Spreading all over Africa-and fast. Stop flights
I just arrived at Trump National Doral in Miami where I'll spend the day checking work just completed by contractors. This place is amazing!
The brand new hotel at Trump National Doral has the most beautiful rooms and suites in Miami. Enjoy!
The Ebola patient who came into our country knew exactly what he was doing. Came into contact with over 100 people.Here we go-I told you so!
How incompetent are our leaders allowing these Ebola infected people to come into our country with all of the problems and danger entailed!
Ebola patient Duncan lied on his exit papers by saying he never came into contact with a person with Ebola. He knew he did, and person died.
Really interesting, President Obama was quick to shut down flights to Isreal but is totally unwilling to shut down flights from West Africa!
#TrumpAdvice 
Can you believe that President Obama still hasn't stopped the flights and people pouring into the U.S. from West Africa. TERRIBLE PRESIDENT!
If Ebola is so non-contagious, how come an NBC cameraman caught it so quickly while over in West Africa? U.S. is behaving very foolishly!
This Ebola patient Thomas Duncan, who fraudulently entered the U.S. by signing false papers, is causing havoc. If he lives, prosecute!
Something very important, and indeed society changing, may come out of the Ebola epidemic that will be a very good thing: NO SHAKING HANDS!
President Obama - close down the flights from Ebola infected areas right now, before it is too late! What the hell is wrong with you?
I don't know what it is, but I'm getting totally bored watching NFL football. Too many penalties and far too soft! T.V. off and back to work
I will be on Fox &amp; Friends () at 7.00. Fighting Ebola will be a topic!
Do you think crooked will ever challenge the NFL tax status? Notoo many friends and contributors in ?
Work has not yet begun. We're in the approval phase. It will be amazing. You will love the final result.
Works to Beat Breast Cancer 
I will be on On The Record tonight at 7 PM
Obama has missed 58% of his intelligence briefings. But our president does make 100% of his fundraisers.
Despite the ever increasing Ebola disaster, Obama refuses to stop flights from West Africa.It's almost like he's saying F-you to U.S. public
I can't believe Mitch McConnell isn't way up in the Kentucky polls. Massive seniority brings so much power and status to State. Brings K.$'s
Kentucky has a chance to have the Senate Majority Leader, Mitch McConnell, representing it in Washington. Big power for State. Don't blow it
Just put in ad for a real estate executive: Hard work, low pay, mean boss!
Congratulations for 10 years of 3 #MichelinStars! Visit the restaurant in for a meal youll never forget.
Looking forward to being this evening for Corporate Meeting Planners reception for Trump National Doral 
My int. on Leon Panetta's critique of Obama, Ebola, rise of ISIS, Obama's lack of common sense &amp; 2016 
USMC Andrew Tahmooressi should be freed immediately. He never should have been jailed in the first place. Weak leaders. #FreeOurMarine
Most Americans Label Obama Presidency A Failure 
Be sure to enjoy the 50th Anniversary Chicago International Film Festival at, the Windy Citys top hotel!
When will Mayor Vescio and manager Zegarelli repave Pine Road in ? It is a disgrace!
Real estate taxes are far too high, Westchester. A total joke how they waste money! Replace Mayor Vescio.
Trump: 'Maybe Something Miraculous Happens' and Obama Will Succeed 
Obamacare premiums continue to rise and bend up the cross curve. And the back-end of the website does not even work.
ISIS is advancing even against Obamas airstrikes. Obama is disengaged and making the Middle East even more dangerous.
Today's put-off objectives reduce tomorrow's achievements. - Henry Banks
Stop the flights! 
Vancouvers most anticipated hotel &amp; residences, will unveil Canadas first Mar-a-Lago Spa 
Entrepreneurs: See yourself as victorious. Look at the solution, not the problem.
Donald Trump was right on Ebola 
My int. with on Atlantic City, Philadelphias real estate market &amp; 2014, 2016 elections 
ramps up with first TV ad, Trump event 
The fight against ISIS starts at our border. At least 10 ISIS have been caught crossing the Mexico border. Build a wall!
Even Jimmy Carter just released a statement saying that Obama doesn't have a clue. That has to be a new low!
The U.S. is spending fortunes at airports checking people coming in from West Africa, with uncertain results. STOP THE FLIGHTS YOU DUMB B's!
Right now 4000 U.S. troops are stupidly heading to West Africa to help fight Ebola.No help from China, Russia or wealthy African oil nations
#TrumpVlog Will our brave soldiers catch Ebola? 
My golf club in Westchester, a great place! 
Congratulations to on his new position as Editor-at-Large for the United States of ! My Apprentice champ!
The CDC chief just said Ebola is spreading faster than Aids. Marines are preparing for a pandemic drill. Stop all flights from West Africa!
The residential real estate market continues to provide opportunities for first time home owners. Buy now if you can!
Tens of millions of dollars in airstrikes had no impact because key leaders fled after hearing ON NEWS REPORTS the strikes were coming. DUMB
I feel sorry for the 4000 soldiers who are being forced to go the West Africa to fight Ebola. Their families are up in arms. Not trained.
If you are interested in balancing work and pleasure, you will never succeed!
Obama is making the Ebola problem much worse than it needs to be in the U.S. by not halting flights from West Africa. Airport testing a joke
Seal the deal! Hold your business meeting at the luxurious Executive Board Room 
Lightweight will probably win only because he is a Dem in NY, but what a loser!
should remove his eyeliner, as pointed out by Cuomo, when he does his commercials!
#TrumpVlog Why are we the sad suckers? 
Americans Agree With Donald Trump, 58 Percent Want Flights Banned From Ebola Outbreak Countries 
Wind Farm Proposal Near Rejected 
The ratings continue to fall every week and will keep dropping. Boring games--too many flags--too soft!
Obama: I will control Ebola. = Obama: If you like your health care plan, you can keep your healthcare plan.
Do you notice that because of Ebola, ISIS etc., ObamaCare has gone to the back burner despite horrible results coming out. A disaster!
Isn't it ridiculous, starting today, new Ebola screenings go into effect for people coming from West Africa. Just stop the flights dummies!
Michelle Obama made a terrible mistake in Iowa. When endorsing Bruce Braley before a large crowd, she called him Bruce Bailey seven times.
If a conservative Republican made the mistake that Mrs. Obama just made by calling Braley by the wrong name, it would be the biggest story!
Remember when I said when Saddam Hussein fell - the new leader of Iraq will be meaner and tougher and hate the U.S. even more. Welcome ISIS!
President Obama, NOW, bring our 4000 innocent and ill-trained soldiers home from West Africa, before it is too late, AND STOP THE FLIGHTS!
Here we go - A healthcare worker who treated Thomas Duncan, the man who flew into the U.S. from West Africa infected with Ebola, caught it!
I don't know if President Obama isn't stopping the flights from Ebola torn West Africa because he is stubborn, stupid, or just doesn't care!
I will be on Fox &amp; Friends tomorrow morning at 7.00. Ebola and ISIS will be topics.
Are NFL games getting boring or is it just my magnificent imagination? In any event, I'm just not watching them much anymore!
in 15 minutes!
Wow, China exports rise 15% in September. They are laughing at USA!
The people of Buffalo should be happy Terry Pegula got the team but I hope he does better w/the Bills than he has w/the Sabres. Good luck!
Even though I refused to pay a ridiculous price for the Buffalo Bills, I would have produced a winner. Now that wont happen.
The games are so boring now that actually, Im glad I didnt get the Bills. Boring games, too many flags, too soft!
Just finished reading a poorly written &amp; very boring book on the General Motors Building by Vicky Ward. Waste of time! 
Happy belated birthday to Chris Wallace! Chris does a great job every week on Like father, like son.
#TrumpVlog China is laughing at U.S. 
The military generals are fuming at Obama. He has boxed them in against ISIS with a strategy that is destined to fail. Sad!
Awarded 5 Stars by, s MacLeod House &amp; Lodge boutique hotel is an historic masterpiece 
Can you believe that,with all of the problems and difficulties facing the U.S., President Obama spent the day playing golf.Worse than Carter
As ISIS and Ebola spread like wildfire, the Obama administration just submitted a paper on how to stop climate change (aka global warming).
If you want more, you have to require more from yourself. -- Dr. Phil McGraw
Alison Grimes will protect the 'sanctity' of her Obama ballot yet admits she voted for Hillary in primary. Hypocrite. Vote !
We pay for Obama's travel so he can fundraise millions so Democrats can run on lies. Then we pay for his golf.
Michelle Nunn will be a solid vote for Obama. She supports ObamaCare &amp; opposes 2nd Amendment. Vote for to change things!
Obama still refuses to stop the flights. Is he stubborn or just plain incompetent - I say both!
President Obama has a personal responsibility to visit &amp; embrace all people in the US who contract Ebola!
John is one of the most respected people in politics. Dopey is one of the least respected!
Lightweight is driving business &amp; jobs out of NY. Only wants self publicitya total loser!
My int. on w/discussing my upcoming campaign visit for Steve this Sat. in Iowa 
Donald Trump has a special announcement! 
Trump: Baghdad Likely to Fall to ISIS 
I dont think you should ever run from history. You should learn from it and embrace it. -Coach Doc Rivers
A nurse in Dallas who treated Ebola patient Thomas Duncan was allowed to fly to Cleveland.She should never have been so allowed! The real JV
I can't believe that Mitt Romney would run for president again. He had his chance and blew it in the last weeks of the race.
I just had a great victory against lightweight A.G. Eric Schneiderman. Most of his case re Trump U. was thrown out or gutted. Little remains
It is time for the airline pilots, flight attendants and the airlines themselves to stop flights to and from West Africa. Do it right now!
I am starting to think that there is something seriously wrong with President Obama's mental health. Why won't he stop the flights. Psycho!
The Ebola nurse should NEVER have been allowed to fly to Cleveland and (amazing) back again. Nothing works in our once great country anymore
I watched Russell Brand on the show the other nightwhat the hell do people see in Russella major loser!
Great art. by on Doc Rivers annual golf charity event Doc is a great friend! 
Katy, what the hell were you thinking when you married loser Russell Brand. There is a guy who has got nothing going, a waste!
3rd rate writer, Vicky Ward, who begged me for help- see her letters to me. 
I love seeing that Graydon Carter and are failing so badly. Hes only focused on his bad food restaurants.
will do much better- 
Thank you Piers for the wonderful article and, also, great writing. 
Russell has nothing going for himself except for energy &amp; aggression. Without that he would be deada first class dummy!
I got much betterno contestI got Melania!
The new Ebola czar will report to the WH &amp; NSA adviser Susan Rice. More mismanagement &amp; duplicity with CDC. Obama is terrible executive.
Now Michelle Nunn will not admit she voted for Obama. Of course she did. Nunn supports ObamaCare &amp; is anti-Second Amendment.
Coming soon to Pennsylvania Avenue 
Donald Trump, Headed To Iowa, Says Ebola Is Further Proof Of Obama's Incompetence 
If you cant see it, you cant make it happen. Entrepreneurs, chase your dreams with resolute focus &amp; determination. Be positive!
Obama just appointed an Ebola Czar with zero experience in the medical area and zero experience in infectious disease control. A TOTAL JOKE!
Do you think the 14 African nations that are banning West Africans from coming into their nations are being called racists? Perhaps not!
If I were president Sgt. Andrew Tahmooressi would be let out of jail with one phone call. If not,Mexico would pay a price like never before!
I'm leaving for Iowa now - will be great!
I just returned from Iowa - what a beautiful state. The people are amazing and the event for Congressman Steve King was a great success!
I will be on at 7.00 - 45 minutes. Talking about Ebola, Obama and other strange U.S. happenings!
must take a drug test immediatelymake results public. NY Attorney General cannot be a cokehead.
Congrats to for being named Best In Stay Elite Award Winner for Oahu for 2014!
Congratulations to s for receiving the Certificate of Excellence &amp; Top 10 Hotels in Panama from !
Has everyone forgotten our marine who now sits in a Mexican prison because we have a president too incompetent or too lazy to make a call?
Oscar Pistorius only gets five years in prison for killing his girlfriend. Ridiculous decision! Judge couldn't even read her own writings.
Wow, one of the all-time greats in fashion, OSCAR DE LA RENTA, has just died at 82. Great fashion achievements but also a really nice guy!
Oscar Pistorious will likely only serve 10 months for the cold blooded murder of his girlfriend. Another O.J. travesty.The judge is a moron!
Obama will let Ebola fly into US &amp; drugrunners cross our border daily. But he won't pressure Mexico on Sgt. Tahmooressi. #FreeOurMarine
Dont believe Kay Hagan on Ebola travel ban. She also promised that you would keep your healthcare plan under ObamaCare. Vote !
The U.S. accidentally air dropped a large shipment of military weapons and supplies right into the middle of ISIS as enemy laughs! Very sad!
The United States troops which were sent to West Africa have only gotten 4 hours of Ebola training - very unfair to them and their families!
If there is one more Ebola case in the U.S., a full travel ban will be instituted. This common sense move should have been done long ago!
Why are we letting the three girls, who left the U.S. to join ISIS, back into the country? How stupid has our once respected country become!
I'm going to D.C. today to check on the hotel I'm building on Penn. AVE., and then being honored by the Wharton School of Finance, the BEST!
Ben Bradlee was truly one of the greats. What an amazing life he led. My warmest condolences to Dino &amp; the whole family. #BenBradlee
Later today Im being honored at the Park Hyatt in Washington, D.C. by the Wharton Club. The Joseph Wharton Award Dinner. A great honor.
An interesting cartoon that is circulating. 
If Mitt Romney were in the private sector &amp; he suffered the horrendous loss of 2012, do you think hed rehire himself for 2016? I dont!
Via Event offers glimpse of Trump high life by Holly Ivy Dore Great interview !
Trump Calls a Cokehead Schneiderman is by his own admission!
Liberal SD Dem candidate Rick Weiland wants to expand ObamaCare to single payer &amp; opposes Ebola travel ban. Send to Senate!
#TrumpVlog Free our Marine! 
Celebrate Thanksgiving with exclusive viewing access to the 88th Annual Thanksgiving Parade 
The pinnacle of the luxury public golf experience overlooking the Pacific Ocean in Palos Verdes 
If this doctor, who so recklessly flew into New York from West Africa,has Ebola,then Obama should apologize to the American people &amp; resign!
Ebola has been confirmed in N.Y.C., with officials frantically trying to find all of the people and things he had contact with.Obama's fault
I have been saying for weeks for President Obama to stop the flights from West Africa. So simple, but he refused. A TOTAL incompetent!
I never thought I'd say it in my lifetime, but President Barack Hussein Obama, aka Barry Sotoro, is a far worse president than Jimmy Carter!
President Obama has a major meeting on the N.Y.C. Ebola outbreak, with people flying in from all over the country, but decided to play golf!
The Ebola doctor who just flew to N.Y. from West Africa and went on the subway, bowling and dining is a very SELFISH man-should have known!
#TrumpVlog Obama should be ashamed! 
Obama Administration Quietly Prepares Surge of Millions of New Immigrant Ids 
Kay Hagan profited off of the stimulus.She just skipped a debate. Kay supports amnesty, weak border &amp; !
Saudis just cut oil supply,making prices rise immediately while we are fighting ISIS for them What are we doing!
There is ZERO margin for error on Ebola. Are we confident in Obama when he cant even make a website for $5 Billion?
Yesterday's home runs don't win today's games. - Babe Ruth
With all that is happening with Ebola, including the doctor who so easily came back to New York, Obama still refuses to stop the flights!
I made a fortune in Atlantic City, got out years ago (great timing), and havn't been back in many years. I have NOTHING to do with A.C.
Yes, I won the right to have my name taken off Trump Plaza in A.C. because it was not operated up to a very high standard and NO involvement
I would absolutely consider investing in Atlantic City again, great and hard working people, but much would have to change-taxes, regs., etc
Fox &amp; Friends, going on now - enjoy!
I wonder how officials feel now after treating Coach Mike Leach with so little respect after their loss to 82-27?
in Hong Kong featured 8 pages on my great hometown of New York City, including 
6 hotels made readers choice! 
Congratulations for being named #12 resort in Europe by the #ReadersChoice2014 awards!
With our $250M in renovations, offers a wide array of courses restored to perfection 
ObamaCare has brought skyrocketing premium increases &amp; unaffordable deductibles which will lead to less care &amp; job losses.
A 34 story luxury highrise, offers elite amenities with residences that maximize every inch of space 
The perfect getaway, is Europe's most elite 5-star destination perfected with old-world luxury 
WH refused a meeting with the Israeli Defense Minister. If only Obama hated Iran as much as he dislikes Israel.
All the governors are already backing off of the Ebola quarantines. Bad decision that will lead to more mayhem.
I believe anybody who is not afraid to fail is a winner. - 
Keep your momentum. Without momentum, a lot of great ideas go nowhere.
Success requires 100% of your focus and 100% of your effort. Don't sell yourself short.
Watch me on show at 10PM tonight on 
President Obama strongly considering a plan to bring non-U.S. citizens with Ebola to the United States for treatment. Now I know he's nuts!
The U.S. rocket that blew-up and crashed yesterday is emblematic of the United States under Obama. Nothing works, be it a rocket or website.
Just out - the POLAR ICE CAPS are at an all time high, the POLAR BEAR population has never been stronger. Where the hell is global warming?
In game 7 of the World Series tonight, the Giants are making a big mistake in not starting their ace against K.C., even with two days rest.
Trump Hotel Reflects Youthful, Luxurious Vancouver: Ivanka Trump 
My interview discussing Obamas failed presidency, Ebola, DC Post Office, midterms &amp; 2016 
Donald Trump: 'Morally Unfair' to Use Soldiers in Ebola Fight 
Obama will quarantine all soldiers returning from Africa for 21 days. But he still allows all who contract Ebola into country? Hypocrite.
Conde Nast Traveler Readers' Choice Awards, Best Resorts in Europe: Trump Int'l Hotel &amp; Golf Links Doonbeg voted #1. 
When you can't make them see the light, make them feel the heat. - President Ronald Reagan
I told you that the Giants starting Hudson was a mistake. Just got knocked out of the game. I love being right!
Happy Birthday ! You are an amazing daughter!
Tickets on sale for Loeb School Event, featuring Donald Trump 
Chinese oil trader just bought record number of Mideast crude China gains while we fight ISIS. What are we doing?
Will Be One of Nation's Best Public Courses 
Sitting at the foot of the Whitestone Bridge, is an 18-hole signature course 
Mark Begich votes with Obama 97%. He opposes drilling &amp; supports Amnesty for illegals. Next Tuesday, vote !
#TBT With my family growing up- I'm on the left. 
You have to learn the rules of the game. And then you have to play better than anyone else. - Albert Einstein
.s Spa at Trump offers 12 treatment rooms &amp; 53 spa guestrooms overlooking the Chicago skyline 
Happy Halloween! 
Awarded both Five-Star &amp; ratings, s is fantastic. 
#FlashbackFriday on the set of 
70 stories over Panama Bay, s deluxe rooms feature private balconies to enjoy the ocean views 
The achievements of an organization are the results of the combined effort of each individual. - Vince Lombardi
Crazy - Election officials saying that there is nothing stopping illegal immigrants from voting. This is very bad (unfair) for Republicans!
Many of the released Guantanamo detainees are now fighting for ISIS and other enemy groups.We need proper leadership before it is too late!
The five prisoners our government so stupidly released for one pathetic traitor are now fighting and killing for ISIS-BAD DEAL! Courtmarshal
They finally let our Marine out of a Mexican prison, no thanks to Obama. Way too long. Such an event should never be allowed to happen again
Thanks for the many nice statements and to the media and golf critics for the great reviews of the brand new BLUE MONSTER!
Wow, so far everyone running for office who I did a ROBOCALL for has taken the lead in the polls -- the smart pols know this. GREAT!
Obama/Reid/Nunn's failed economic policies are not working. will bring fresh perspective to solving problems. #GASen
.: Nick, all of the folks at Trump International next door are wishing you well. We will block the strong winds!
Don't forget to watch Matt tomorrow on Morning Drive talking about The Blue Monster and Trump Doral. 
I will be doing this morning at 8 (not 7).
Thx for the nice story Look forward to showing you Trump Intl in Aberdeen in the spring &amp; Turnberry plans.
Trump: Obama Treats Our Known Enemies Much Better Than Israel 
The prestigious 800-acre boast luxurious event spaces and 5 Star restaurants 
Very excited for and s wedding this weekend.
Watch to see the new cast of - 
Photos from the press conference- Premieres January 4th on 
My int. with announcing the January 4th premiere &amp; cast of the 14th season of 
Congratulations to on running an aggressive &amp; fair campaign. Vote for Scott today New Hampshire!
Trump: GOP on Edge of Winning 'Big' and Forcing Obama to Act 
, you have run a wonderful campaign. Good luck today!
Donald Trump reveals new cast, talks Joan Rivers' role on show 
Today the Democrats lose big. But tomorrow the Republicans must communicate a positive pro-growth agenda.
Today will be a big day for you in many ways. The country is lucky.
Good luck to You will make a wonderful Senator.
Looking like a really big night for Republicans - a tremendous refutation of President Obama and his failed policies!
.: Amazing race, tremendous courage - you deserved this win for a very old fashioned reason - you have been a great governor!
Fantastic win, we are all proud of you! Your victory speech last night was very gracious to an opponent whose speech was not.
#TrumpVlog Make our country great again! 
Had asked me to do a robo call for him, I would have done it and he would have won.
#TrumpAdvice 
Congratulations to who has now lost a statewide election in Florida as a Republican, Independent &amp; Democrat.
Obama has now had two record &amp; historic midterm losses. There is Hope &amp; Change for America.
Yesterday was a referendum on ObamaCare &amp; all other Obama fiascos. Republicans can now rein him in.
I recorded robo calls for, &amp; All had record wins. #MidasTouch
The Maryland Democrat Party attacked me with a racist flyer. won, 2nd GOP governor elected in 40 years.
The new Congress must restore military spending &amp; stop Obama budget cuts. Also, hold Obama accountable on the VA.
Fact - every successful GOP Senate candidate just elected ran on repealing ObamaCare. In January, its time to move!
Donald Trump Sounds Off on Joan Rivers' Death: I Think The Doctors Made a Terrible Mistake 
.: Look forward to watching Greta's interview tonight at 7.00 p.m. with Marine Andrew Tahmooressi. #Marinefreed
I will be on the Mike &amp; Mike Show at 7.05 a.m. (ESPN) - 10 minutes. Will be fun, great guys! Radio and T.V.
We are now sending thousands of additional troops to Iraq to teach them how to fight - they will run, billions wasted! WHAT DOES U.S. GET?
We spent TWO TRILLION DOLLARS in Iraq and got NOTHING. Now we are going back and will again get NOTHING because our leaders are clueless!
Do not go back into Iraq unless they agree, in a signed formal instrument, to give the U.S. 50% of their oil reserves.Make the deal dummies!
Remember, we don't get any oil from Iraq, China gets whatever ISIS hasn't already taken. So why isn't China sending the troops? Too smart!
You are doing a great job Heather!
in five minutes. Enjoy!
Best New York City Hotels: 
Each and every new event space at looks stunning. See the transformation for yourself: 
It is my great honor to send $25,000 to Sgt. Andrew Tahmooressi. #marinefreed
Congratulations to &amp; for winning control of the State House &amp; Executive Council while holding State Senate. Strong results!
The only source of knowledge is experience. - Albert Einstein
Happy #VeteransDay to all. And it is nice to have Sgt. Andrew Tahmooressi back home.
Exceptional dining matched with exceptional views, offers a unique array of 5 star dining options 
returns to reality TV with Donald Trump 
Looking forward to keynoting the Nackey S. Loeb School of Communications First Amendment Awards event tomorrow in New Hampshire.
If you can accept losing, you can't win. - Vince Lombardi
Looking forward to seeing Joe McQuaid, Curtis Barry and my many friends in the Granite State!
Press Conference at Glasgow Prestwick Airport this Friday Nov. 14 at 11 AM with Donald J. Trump &amp; Mr. Iain Cochrane 
Flying to New Hampshire to keynote the First Amendment Award Ceremony. Always great to visit the Granite State!
Live Free or Die. - motto of New Hampshire
Obamas attack on the internet is another top down power grab. Net neutrality is the Fairness Doctrine. Will target conservative media.
Entrepreneurs: See yourself as victorious. Look at the solution, not the problem. Keep your focus positive.
Entrepreneurs: Set the example. You can motivate others as well as yourself by remembering you are setting the example.
Entrepreneurs: Set the bar high. Do the best you possibly can. Apply your skills and talent, but above all, be tenacious.
I really enjoyed being in New Hampshire &amp; speaking for Joe McQuaid &amp; the Nackey Loeb School honoring James Foley.
Left New Hampshire for Turnberry in Scotland, which I am renovating. This place is incredible! 
#TrumpAdvice 
Donald Trump pledges to make Prestwick Airport 'really successful' 
A Brand New Championship Golf Course In NYC Developed By Donald Trump- And Anyone Can Play It 
Looking forward to addressing on December 15th at the Marriot Marquis Washington, DC.
So Obama's top people responsible for ObamaCare think the American Public is stupid! All based on lies and deception! Repubs should sue.
The entire country is FREEZING - we desperately need a heavy dose of global warming, and fast! Ice caps size reaches all time high.
My Close Up int. with discussing the midterms, the new Congress, travelling to NH &amp; 2016 
How to travel like a billionaire! Inside Donald Trump's 63m private jet by 
Looking for an excuse not to cook for Thanksgiving? Many NYC outlets will delivery a full meal, including 
Just like Jonathan Gruber viciously lied &amp; called Americans stupid on ObamaCare, many consultants are doing the same on Global Warming.
Chicago, don't forget tix for Wine Tasting Fundraiser 11/22. Proceeds benefit 
ICYMI, my int. criticizing the GOP on ObamaCare, the new Congress &amp; 2016 
Obamas Amnesty Will Give Illegal Aliens Public Benefits 
At least ObamaCare/RomneyCare architect Gruber admitted, albeit privately, that we were lied to by Obama. Gang of Liars.
Watch - Obama in 2006: Ive stolen ideas from Jonathan Gruber And now Obama claims he is 'just some adviser.'
ObamaCare will continue to stop entrepreneurship, slow growth and halt research &amp; development. Defund, Repeal &amp; Replace!
The true competitors are the ones who always play to win. - Tom Brady 
The #WomenWhoWork campaign from 
Entrepreneurs: always remember that deals are fluid. Terms are always negotiable and time can be the best option for success.
For those that constantly say that global warming is now climate changethey changed the name. The name global warming wasnt working
Think pink in the boardroom. 
If you like your plan you keep it. = Gruber is just some adviser. Two of Obamas greatest lies told to the American public.
WATCH - WH official says that ObamaCare/RomneyCare architect Gruber was an important figure in crafting the law 
Sneak peek of Trump's trio of spectacular new seaside holes on the famed Ailsa course/ 
I am no fan of Bill Cosby but never-the-less some free advice - if you are innocent, do not remain silent. You look guilty as hell!
Repubs must not allow Pres Obama to subvert the Constitution of the US for his own benefit &amp; because he is unable to negotiate w/ Congress.
Success in golf depends less on strength of body than upon strength of mind and character. - Arnold Palmer
Sorry sucker, as usual you lose again. You couldn't work for me for 10 seconds. Bad critic-- great sign. 
If we do not protect the rule of law then we can expect even more illegals to cross the border. Obamas executive amnesty is dangerous.
Awarded 5 stars from, offers 261 rooms &amp; 115 suites in the center of downtown Toronto 
You don't necessarily need the best location. What you need is the best deal. -- The Art of the Deal
They're going to riot in Ferguson no matter what.
If you really want to succeed, you'll have to go for it every day. The big time isn't for slackers. Keep up your stamina and remain curious.
Entrepreneurs: Keep your momentum. Without momentum, a lot of great ideas go nowhere.
Be tough, be smart, be personable, but dont take things personally. Thats good business. - Think Like a Champion
Congratulations to Bill OBrien on being named the Republican Speaker of the NH House. Well-earned &amp; well-deserved. A great guy.
Do you think the 14 African nations that are banning West Africans from coming into their nations are racist?
Tom Brady played great today. He is a total champ and a really nice guy, a rare combination!
I will be on at 7:00 - there is much to talk about (sadly)! Enjoy!
Defense Sec.Hagel has quit. Great news for our country. The guy didnt have a cluegrossly outmatched by our enemies. Couldn't even speak
Great #Thanksgiving travel and parade watching tips by including an option from : 
#TrumpVlog Hagel quits- 
Congratulations to Chuck Hagel on one of the shortest tenures as Sec. of Defense. Another terrible appointee by Obama.
What All Hiring Managers Can Learn from Donald Trump 
Fact - Amnesty lowers wages and invites more lawlessness. Obama has unilaterally cancelled any chance of immigration reform.
ISIS is starting its own currency. May be stronger than the dollar if ObamaCare is fully implemented.
Iran and the United States just pushed deadline back SEVEN MONTHS on working out a nuclear deal. Iran is tapping along our bad negotiators!
Why would they announce a finding of the grand jury in Ferguson at 9:00 in the evening - a prime time for riots! Not smart.
Can you imagine what Putin and all of our friends and enemies throughout the world are saying about the U.S. as they watch the Ferguson riot
Sadly, because president Obama has done such a poor job as president, you won't see another black president for generations!
Our country is totally fractured and, with our weak leadership in Washington, you can expect Ferguson type riots and looting in other places
Who is the moron who decided to release the Ferguson grand jury findings after 9:00 o'clock in the evening. What were they thinking?
If you love it, own it. bring unparalleled style, elegance and world class amenities to Las Vegas 
President Obama has absolutely no control (or respect) over the African American community-they have fared so poorly under his presidency.
Congratulations to for being named #1 Best Business Hotel in NYC in 2014 World's Best Business Hotels.
Congrats for being named #3 Best Business Hotel in Chicago in 2014 World's Best 
Find something for everyone on your list with this Holiday Gift Guide from, on Tumblr: 
Happy Thanksgiving - I hope everyone can get together to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! It won't be easy, nothing is, but it can be done.
Bill Cosby is foolish, stupid, or getting bad advice in remaining silent if he is innocent. Probably guilty! Not a fan.
Just as I predicted would fail on The View- 
Ratings way down, show irrelevant. Why haven't they learned? always fails.
Rosie ODonnell went after me again on The View in order to stir up her failing ratings. Nothing will help her--always fails.
#TrumpVlog needs to rest and relax. It's not working. 
#TrumpVlog wasn't even a short term fix at The View. 
Congratulations to on quickly repairing the Lasker Rink. Record skaters this past Thanksgiving!
Now Obama is keeping our soldiers in Afghanistan for at least another year. He is losing two wars simultaneously.
Congress greatest card against Obama is the power of the purse. Use it!
Obama is community organizing from the Oval Office on Ferguson today. More riots sure to follow.
Lifestyle unveils Trump Home brand in GCC 
Success is dependent on effort. - Sophocles
Tickets are now available for the 2015 at, March 4-8: 
The cast of the new season of apprenticenbc. Premieres January 4th on NBC. 
With magnificent views, is the perfect venue to host impact events &amp; business meetings 
Ring in 2015 in downtown New Yorks most elite 5 Star hotel. offers 46 luxurious stories of excellence 
Congress must pass a budget and hold Obama to it. No more continuing resolutions and no more excuses. Republicans soon hold both houses.
State Department has not revoked a single passport of ISIS Americans We should send them to Gitmo for some R&amp;R.
Keep your focus global and you may very well find yourself ahead of the game. - Trump Never Give Up
You cant wear a blindfold in business. A regular part of your day should be devoted to expanding your horizons. - Trump: How to Get Rich
Looking forward to speaking at prestigious on December 15th 
Failure has a thousand explanations. Success doesn't need one. - Alec Guinness
I never gave anybody hell! I just told the truth and they thought it was hell. -- Harry S. Truman
Entrepreneurs: Believe in yourself! If you don't, no one else will either.
I'll be on this morning at 7:00. So much to talk about!
On schedule for 2016 completion 57 story twisting tower will be the icon of Vancouvers skyline 
Home of s, represents all that is Miami: energy, glamour, innovation &amp; luxury 
, In Celebrity First Look 
The CIA report should not be released. Puts our agents &amp; military overseas in danger. A propaganda tool for our enemies.
is great, thanks!
Sorry, is a mentally sick woman, a bully, a dummy and, above all, a loser. Other than that she is just wonderful!
Donald Trump: Obamas Jobless Figures Phony. Economists agree. 
With imposing dunes on the rugged Aberdeenshire coastline, s Championship Course is a masterpiece 
The longer you play, the better chance the better player has of winning. - 
ObamaCare continues to increase insurance premiums &amp; raise record deductibles. New Congress must use every tool to defund.
to design Trump course in Dubai 
ICYMI, s described my Monday speech as one of my best and most riveting 
Looking forward to being hosted &amp; interviewed next Monday by David Rubenstein at the 
Donald Trump To Speak At The Iowa Freedom Summit in Des Moines on January 24th 
Generals don't panic; then the troops never panic. - 
Durst is a disaster at operating the new World Trade Center. It takes forever for workers or visitors to get in with impossible security.
People are really unhappy with the endless security checks at the new World Trade Center. Durst is a terrible manager. Tenants furious!
Conde Nast made a big mistake going into the World Trade Center. The place is a total disaster, and I feel this is only the beginning!
Entrepreneurs: See yourself as victorious. Look at the solution, not the problem. And never give up!
Obama &amp; Democrat leaders did a great disservice by releasing the papers on torture. The world is laughing at usthey think we are fools!
Trump heads to Iowa as '16 speculation rises 
Trump: ObamaCare Not Working for Business, Going to Collapse 
Central Parks top locale is open throughout the holidays. Our Skating School is excellent &amp; acclaimed 
#TBT My confirmation picture at First Presbyterian Church in Jamaica, NY. 
If America was under the threat of imminent attack, would Obama use torture or a kiss?
Trump, Tiger Team Up to Create 'Stunning' Golf Course in Dubai by 
The terrorists cut off the heads of Americans and laugh, then want to sell us the bodies for $1,000,000. We fight over sleep deprivation!
When terrorists are beheading and executing American citizens in such a brutal way,the report on torture should be the least of our concerns
Some people spend an entire lifetime wondering if they made a difference in the world.The Marines don't have that problem.- Ronald Reagan
The Jets should have let them score to get the number one draft pick, who will be really good. It will just never change for them!
Can you believe that Sony chief Amy Pascal wants to meet with Al Sharpton to seek forgiveness for her racial slurs. Al is laughing at her!
No wonder Sony is doing so badly. Really stupid leadership that wants Al Sharpton to help. Watch him turn the tables on chief Amy Pascal.
named Christmas Day Brunch one of the best in the city! #TrumpHolidays 
Looking forward to tonight's conversation w/ David Rubenstein Airing live on at 7PM EST 
Donald Trump Goes to Washington 
Premieres Sunday, January 4, 2015 
The lights went out at the White House today Symbolic of the Obama presidency.
30 million Americans are unemployed yet Obama has set up workshops across the country for illegals to get Amnesty 
Revenge is sweet and not fattening. - Alfred Hitchcock
Luxury penthouse at skyscraper sells for record $17M 
How many more times do we all have to watch and pay for that stupid and never ending #SmokeyBearHug commercial. How much is govt. spending?
Ice Skaters Invade Mar-a-Lago as Snow Falls on Palm Beach Salvation Army Ball! 
With Miamis top #NewYearsEve vacation package is the perfect option to celebrate the start of 2015. 
Donald Trump on Jeb Bush: The last thing we need is another Bush by 
President Trump? Says 'there's a very substantial chance' he'll run in 2016 
Obama attacks the CIA for waterboarding while routinely droning civilians caught in the Islamist crosshairs.
Obama has admitted that he spends his mornings watching Then he plays golf, fundraises &amp; grants amnesty to illegals.
Story written by a reporter that the HuffPost refused to print. Total bias, but we will prevail! 
My int, with on the state of world affairs, economy, the Bushes etc. 
by :Donald Trump lands for Old Post Office flagship restaurant 
In Charlottesville, VA, is Virginias largest winery with 200 acres of French vinifera varieties 
After destroying the Middle East &amp; our economy, the Bushes last gift was having Justice Roberts legalize ObamaCare. No more Bushes!
Donald Trump: 'Last Thing We Need Is Another Bush' 
#TrumpVlog #TheInterviewMovie A sad day for freedom of speech- 
Congratulations for making #GoldList2015! 
#TBT It is great being part of Home Alone 2, a holiday staple. 
Will be interviewed tonight at 7 by re Sony &amp; Bush
Must watch interview on discussing #Girlpower 
, to Host 63rd Annual by 
Premiering Jan. 4th, the record 14th seasons cast is the nastiest yet Major Boardroom fireworks!
The movie may be garbage but we cant let a foreign country dictate to us what to watch. 
My appearance re Sony, Atlantic City, &amp; 2016 Always love going on Wendys show!
Another clip from my interview discussing why Sony should not have capitulated to the hackers No Courage!
Obama now wants to deny due process to the police. Hell give all constitutional rights to the terrorists but not our cops.
#FlashbackFriday Just after I did my renovation in Central Park of -
Romney was the architect of ObamaCare. Bushs Chief Justice legalized the monstrosity. Notice a trend?
The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing. - Walt Disney
Be sure to set exceptional goals for your 2015 resolutions. Push yourself, you can do it. Think Big!
Will be interviewed on tomorrow morning - Monday - at 8:00. Much to talk about!
On in two minutes!
Entrepreneurs: Realize that becoming an entrepreneur is not a group effort. You're in charge. Everything starts with you.
Entrepreneurs: Use your imagination. Use your intelligence to execute what your imagination presents to you.
Entrepreneurs: Whatever happens, you're responsible. If it doesn't happen, you're responsible.
Plan a perfect weekend for the holidays in NYC's hottest neighborhood using s 20% offer 
So excited to have performing at the 2015 #CadillacChampionship at : 
Entrepreneurs: Realize that fear is the exact opposite of faith. Resolve to be bigger than your problems. Who's the boss?
Entrepreneurs: Absorb, assess, and then act. Don't negate your own power. Whatever you've been dealt, know you can deal with it.
Negotiation is an art. Treat it like one.
Dummy Bill Maher did an advertisement for the failing New York Times where the picture of him is very sad-he looks pathetic, bloated &amp; gone!
Latin Americas tallest building is the perfect getaway location to celebrate the New Year in luxury 
Donald Trump 2016: 7 Key Political Positions 
So many people think I will not run for President.Wow, I wonder what the response will be if I do. Even the haters and losers will be happy!
Can the relationship between the mayor of New York City and the police force ever be fixed? Tune in to at 7:15.
Deals are my art form. Other people paint beautifully or write poetry. I like making deals, preferably big deals. That's how I get my kicks.
If you're going to be thinking, you may as well think big.
Sometimes your best investments are the ones you don't make.
Great to have you and your GREAT team at Trump National Doral. Go out and finish your fantastic season in style!
This Sunday at 9/8C, the real playoffs begin with the premiere of ! Game on in the Boardroom... 
Wheres the electability? Jeb is losing to HRC by 13 points. A Bush will never beat a Clinton. Wake up !
Sometimes by losing a battle you find a new way to win the war.
If you're interested in 'balancing' work and pleasure, stop trying to balance them. Instead make your work more pleasurable.
Without passion you don't have energy, without energy you have nothing. Find work that you love and the energy will be there.
In the end, you're measured not by how much you undertake but by what you finally accomplish.
To EVERYONE, including all haters and losers, HAPPY NEW YEAR. Work hard, be smart and always remember, WINNING TAKES CARE OF EVERYTHING!
The Mar-a-Lago Club was amazing tonight. Everybody was there, the biggest and the hottest. Palm Beach is so lucky to have best club in world
season premiere this Sunday at 9/8c on - 
I will be commenting LIVE on Sunday night (9 to 11) on TWITTER - Celebrity Apprentice will be great this season - amazing cast!
My int. by w/discussing the Sunday premiere of s 14th season 
By popular demand I will be tweeting during tomorrow's record 14th season premiere of on at 9/8c 
#CelebApprentice Who will hear those two famous words? premieres tomorrow at 9/8c on NBC. 
#CelebApprentice returns tonight at 9/8c on NBC- 
In less than 30 minutes- watch the season premiere of on NBC.
Who do you like - hate so far?
This boardroom gets CRAZY! These people are wild
How do you like the boardroom so far?
Hope you liked it. Tune in tomorrow night at 8:00 and 9:00 for two episodes and two boardrooms! Will be a great evening of television!
This show was taped just before the terrible Bill Cosby revelations came to light.She still should have asked him for money-goes to charity.
I will be LIVE tweeting tomorrow (MONDAY) nights TWO shows starting at 8:00 P.M. They are both great.
I will be on at 7:00 A.M. Will be talking about many things, including The Apprentice!
Don't forget, episodes 2 and 3 of are on tonight at 8PM and 9PM on 
Wow, great ratings for - Don't forget watch 2 new episodes tonight at 8PM on 
at this afternoon- a wonderful woman. It was an honor to donate $25K to her charity. 
You can watch all the highlights of last nights record 14th season premiere of 
Remember, tonight (Monday), the second and third episodes of The Apprentice are on at 8:00 &amp; 9:00. Great ratings last night 18 - 49. FUN!
among 2015 judges 
Celebrity Apprentice starts in 15 minutes on NBC. ENJOY!
I will be live tweeting!
was great but he brought the wrong person into the boardroom. Had he brought Lorenzo in, he would not have been fired.
I look forward to going to the Land Investment Expo in Iowa on Jan. 23. Record crowdsold out venue. 
I agree!
Thanks to our loyal viewers &amp; fans, last nights topped all the demos &amp; grew 24% in our regular slot premiere.
Congrats to on today's inauguration and having done a great job!
recap: 'Nobody Out Thinks Donald Trump' 
'Moon cycle' can't defeat on 
Congress must repeal ObamaCare. Obama will veto while Americans continue to lose their doctors &amp; pay rising premiums.
Donald Trump: Don't Mess Up Name. 'I've Seen Him Go Crazy At People' 
Big announcement coming soon regarding South Carolina
Failure is simply the opportunity to begin again, this time more intelligently. - Henry Ford
Attends A Private Screening + Donald Trump DONATES $25K To S Kamp Kizzy
The Trumps pay tribute to the late 
Why does Obama continue to release the worst of the worst from Gitmo?! Look at Paris and wake up!
Congratulations to new Congressman being named to House Foreign Affairs Comm. and co-chair the House Republican Israel Caucus.
If the people so violently shot down in Paris had guns, at least they would have had a fighting chance.
Remember, when guns are outlawed, only outlaws will have guns!
Donald Trump joins other 2016 prospects speaking at SC Tea Party Convention
Donald Trump to address SC Tea Party Coalition at Myrtle Beach event by 
I would like to thank for the really nice review of Trump National Doral - Best Renovation of the Year (and maybe all time).
Who is paying for that tedious Smokey Bear commercial that is on all the time - enough already!
Politicians are ALL TALK, NO ACTION! --- just look at our country.
Goodnight everyone, sleep tight!
Trump: contestants the meanest by far 
#TBT With Tommy Lee Jones at Mar-a-Lago. 
I will be on tonight. Be sure to watch! Always a great time. 
Donald Trump: French Gun Control Allowed Terrorists to Succeed 
Fact - the tighter the gun laws, the more violence. The criminals will always have guns.
Great job, we are all proud of you - one of our all time BEST!
If you think you can do a thing or think you can't do a thing, you're right. -- Henry Ford
Watch my appearance on from last night- 
Entrepreneurs: Be totally focused. Know everything you can about what you're doing. Give your work 100% of your concentrated effort.
Nia Sanchez of Nevada is ready for by 
to Donald Trump: Fire by 
Donald Trump will deliver keynote address to the SC Tea Party Convention 
The French police are afraid to go into many communities. How did France let this all happen, and how did the female terrorist ever escape?
Will be on tomorrow morning at 7:00.
Tonight at 8:00 is a really big one for a double episode of Celebrity Apprentice. Watch, you won't believe what happens!
Some of the women on Celebrity Apprentice are absolutely crazy - maybe the wildest thing ever on reality television. Watch tonight!
Trump looking 'very seriously' at 2016 run 
My int. w/, &amp; f/on why Romney shouldn't be nominee
Let's go! #CelebApprentice
#CelebApprentice We always make sure to have great NYC locations for the task delivery.
#CelebApprentice what do you think of the choices for project manager?
who who who... Say it just say it #CelebApprentice Watch and see what happens!
#CelebApprentice stay tuned for the 2nd half we have one more firing tonight!
#CelebApprentice What do you think of the new teams/PMs?
#CelebApprentice who do you think won?
#CelebApprentice Another exciting episode -tune in next Monday at 8pm for 2 more new episodes!
Trump Unveils Renovated Red Tiger Golf Course 
Trump on Romney: You Just Cant Give Him Another Chance:Some golfers can't sink the 3 ft. putt. 
The new Red Tiger course at - Follow for more great photos.
If the morons who killed all of those people at Charlie Hebdo would have just waited, the magazine would have folded - no money, no success!
Looking forward to keynoting the South Carolina Tea Party Convention in Myrtle Beach on Monday at 3:20PM! 
Despite what the haters and losers like to say, I never filed for bankruptcy but WOW, the preeminent gaming company, Caesars, just did.
The episode of the Apprentice that everyone has been waiting for....Joan Rivers stars, and she is and does GREAT! Next Monday night at 8:00
Trump the Nation's Great Hope 
Donald Trump turns over 11.5 ac.in Rancho Palos Verdes for recreational open space by 
Donald Trump: I'm Not Buying the 
Monday night at 8:00 will be must see television. Our wonderful Joan Rivers plays a major role as my advisor on the Apprentice. AMAZING!
Donald Trump to headline SC Tea Party Convention 
I will be on tomorrow morning at 7:00. Enjoy!
The Apprentice will be very exciting and interesting tonight at 8:00. Joan Rivers puts on a great show!
in five minutes!
Big names wrap up largest ever SC Tea Party Coalition Convention 
Joan Rivers on The Apprentice tonight at 8:00. I will be live tweeting. JOAN WAS GREAT!
With Joan Rivers and ivankatrump from last night's great boardroom! 
Donald Trump: Giving serious thought to presidential run 
Great list of spring travel ideas from our properties: 
Tomorrow on the Facebook page submit your final question for the contestants- 
ICYMI, s int. on discussing &amp; contestant rivalries on 
Congratulations to and for receiving the Five Diamond Award again this year!
Be sure to watch highlights from the record setting 14th season of here 
Meet The Latina 2014 Candidates 
Congress, use the power of the purse. STOP AMNESTY!
Dress your best! The Trump Signature Collection, exclusively available, offers the tops style in menswear 
The secret of getting ahead is getting started. -- Mark Twain
Just watched Bill Belichicks news conference. He did a great jobsmart, concise, truthful!
The new winter menu explores the evolution of fine dining - 
They just arrested pol Shelly Silver in New York. Why arent they arresting a far bigger crook --?
Entrepreneurs: Use your imagination. Use your intelligence to execute what your imagination presents to you.
Entrepreneurs: Everything starts with you. Realize that you're in charge. Whatever happens, you're responsible.
#TBT With the wonderful actor Jack Nicholson 
Which National Costume do you think should win? 
Which National Costume do you think should win? 
Which National Costume do you think should win? 
The contestants review their amazing stay at - 
Just been informed by --they want to extend the run of the by two shows because it is doing so well. Two hours live.
Just leaving for in Iowa--standing room only. My great honor. 
With oil below $50, the blighted views by windfarms of historic will be very sad. #SaveCulzean 
You have to learn the rules of the game. And then you have to play better than anyone else. -- Albert Einstein
Trump: 'Seriously Considering' a Presidential Bid 
In Iowa, Trump Promises to Surprise a Lot of People 
and friends at 
Word is that is firing sleepy eyes Chuck Todd in that his ratings on Meet the Press are setting record lows. He's a real loser!
Get ready for the Apprentice tonight - TWO AMAZING EPISODES. I will be live tweeting!
highlights the opening of brand new #RedTiger course: 
$ave your $. Dont invest in He doesnt have a clue. 
Why do people give contributions when they know he is a loser who has no idea how to win? 
Two of the best ever episodes of Celebrity Apprentice tonight at 8. Totally vicious and crazy! I will live tweet.
Wow, the final ratings for the Miss Universe Pageant show that it won in all key demos - number one on Sunday. I have a winner!
I am convinced that sleepy eyes Chuck Todd was only a placeholder for someone else at Meet the Press. He bombed, franchise in ruins! 
Apprentice = big hit. Miss Universe = Big hit. I always get big ratings. If I hosted Meet the Press instead of Sleepy Eyes,a smash! 
So many people have told me that I should host Meet the Press and replace the moron who is on now. Just too busy, especially next 10 years!
How did you enjoy Mar-a-Lago? It was nice having you there--my people thought you were terrific!
Congratulations to the 7 properties who made Best Hotels List: 
Going over to to do LIVE at 9:00.
Getting ready to go on - two great people!
#IndianaJones and #Ghostbusters- what's wrong??? 
Surprise, used my name big league in pre-ads to promote the showthen talked about everyone else but me!
continues to deliver the goods 
#TrumpVlog Obama- stop chewing gum! 
Congratulations are in order! ranks #5 Top Hotel in Panama by #TravelersChoice Awards! 
Entrepreneurs: Achievers move forward at all times. Achievement is not a plateau, it's a beginning.
Entrepreneurs: Don't tread water. Get out there and go for it.
Donald Trump 2016: 7 Political Stances of GOP Presidential Hopeful 
Entrepreneurs: Being stubborn is a big part of being a winner. Don't give in and don't give up!
Congrats to, celebrating 51 consecutive months as the #1 Honolulu Hotel on !
My int. on : Donald Trump, presidential politics and 'The Factor' 
Entrepreneurs: What is the standard for which you want to be known? Identify that standard and then establish it.
Entrepreneurs: Success is good. Success with significance is even better. Work on what you will be proud to be associated with.
Doral Mayor Declares Emergency to Give Donald Trump Key to the City 
Mitt did the right thingnot because he had to-- but because he never would have been given a second chance after his first fiasco
President Trump? by Wayne E. Williams
Whether you think you can or think you can't, you're right. -- Henry Ford
Thanks Patti, I hope they vote 
I hope you can go to and vote for Donald Trump in order to Make America Great Again! Thanks.
,, Talk Feud by Virnelli Mercader
I'm looking forward to the Super Bowl but looking even more forward to Monday night at 8:00 - best episode EVER of Celebrity Apprentice!
I wonder if Marshawn Lynch will now speak and call some coach a moron for not allowing him to run the ball three times for one yard?
Tonight's episode of is not only the best episode ever, it has a great lesson in life. Don't miss it!
Entrepreneurs: Paying attention is a cost effective way of protecting yourself.
Trump National Golf Club, Los Angeles, on the Palos Verdes Peninsula overlooking the Pacific Ocean--spectacular!
Remember, tonight's 8 oclock episode of Celebrity Apprentice is the best everyou will see nothing like it on tv. 
Best Apprentice episode EVER tonight at 8:00.
Entrepreneurs: Vision remains vision until you focus, do the work, and bring it down to earth where it will do some good.
Entrepreneurs: Money is not always the bottom line: it can be a score card, not the final score.
Trump National Golf Club, Washington, D.C. is on 600 beautiful acres fronting the Potomac River. A fantastic setting! 
Congratulations for being named in s Top 10 US Hotels for Business Travelers! 
8 Lessons for Entrepreneurs That Emphasizes 
Trump Golf Links at Ferry Point in the Bronx, NY, will open soon. A Jack Nicklaus Signature Design. Beautiful. 
Trump Int'l Hotel &amp; Tower Chicago has won many awards &amp; accolades, as has Sixteen, its signature restaurant. 
Entrepreneurs: Don't put blinders on or limit yourself. Reach out, seek and explore. The opportunities are always there.
Entrepreneurs: See each day as an opportunity to show what you can do at the highest level. Take responsibility for yourself!
Must read opinion piece by CEO Jim Clifton: The Big Lie: 5.6% Unemployment Just as I have long been saying
I just answered my Facebook fan's questions in the latest #AskTheDonald- watch the video- 
It's not that I'm so smart, it's just that I stay with problems longer. -- Albert Einstein
Entrepreneurs: Brainpower is the ultimate leverage.
Entrepreneurs: Having a product requires something very important--you have to think about the market. Do your due diligence.
Entrepreneurs: Be a cautious optimist. I call it positive thinking with a lot of reality checks.
EXCLUSIVE  DONALD TRUMP TO SPEAK AT CPAC 
Trump Int'l Golf Club Turnberry, Scotland. A legendary course... and rightly so. 
An investment in knowledge pays the best interest. -- Benjamin Franklin
Entrepreneurs: Look at the solution, not the problem. Learn to focus on what will give results.
Happy Birthday President Reagan #FlashbackFriday 
Word is that Sleepy Eyes Chuck Todd, who has failed so badly with Meet the Press, will be taking over for now irrelevant Brian Williams!
Trump could lead U.S. forward 
At your request, I will be doing live tweeting during tonights #CelebApprentice
Watched on and the dog hit me even after I made a big contribution to his charity. I never went bankrupt!
., use Buffet, Icahn, Sam Zell, Leon Black, Kravis, Caesars and many more when talking about using the bankruptcy laws, not me!
I hope your book is better than the Obama second book, but it is inaccurate as it pertains to me - but no big deal, boring!
Why did give so much time to sell his third rate book. Bill should have hit stammering David MUCH harder! Waste
The best vision is insight. -- Malcolm Forbes
Diary: And Now There Are Two 
Entrepreneurs: Negotiation is an art. Treat it like one.
Entrepreneurs: Be passionate--you have to love what you're doing to be successful at it.
Donald Trump Congratulated on for Receiving the s Liberty Award 
I have long stated that Brian Williams was not a very smart guy - all you have to do is look at his past. Now he has proven me correct!
Entrepreneurs: Listen and learn from others, but make your own decisions. Take responsibility for yourself. It's a very empowering attitude!
Trump Int'l Golf Links &amp; Hotel, Ireland, fronts the Atlantic Ocean in County Clare for 2.5 miles. Extraordinary! 
Let Pete Rose into the Hall of Fame now - 35 years is enough!
Who should win Celebrity Apprentice on Monday night? Show will be telecast LIVE!
Trump National Golf Club, Jupiter, is close to Palm Beach and designed by Jack Nicklaus--a masterpiece of a course. 
Entrepreneurs: Work on what you will be proud to be associated with. Make your work count.
Entrepreneurs: Success is good. Success with significance is even better.
Entrepreneurs: See each day as an opportunity to show what you can do at the highest level.
. #CelebrityApprentice Two hour live show on Monday night will determine who will become the winner of Celebrity Apprentice.Full cast returns
I still dont know who Im going to choose. or ? Who do you like? 
I look forward to attending Saturday Night Live on Sunday night. I am sure it will be a great show. 
Congratulations to on your Forbes Five-Star ratings 
Donald Trump wins lawsuit against Joint Commission on Public Ethics 
Record low temperatures and massive amounts of snow. Where the hell is GLOBAL WARMING?
As a former host of Saturday Night Live, I look forward to attending tonight!
Wow, 25 degrees below zero, record cold and snow spell. Global warming anyone?
Apprentice will be amazing tomorrow night!
Paulina Vega will be introduced tonight at the Finale of Celebrity Apprentice.She is a great beauty and a monster star in S.A.
Jusr arrived at the studio - the place is going wild! LIVE AT 8 P.M. #CELEBRITYAPPRENTICE
The winner of Best in Show at the Westminster Kennel Club Show, Miss P, will be coming to my office this morning.
Among the lowest temperatures EVER in much of the United States. Ice caps at record size. Changed name from GLOBAL WARMING to CLIMATE CHANGE
The Great Irish Links Challenge &amp; Lahinch Golf Club is coming this June. Dont miss it. #Doonbeg
My joint int. on with recapping &amp; discussing the 2016 election 
Donald Trump on 2016 Bid: On Scale of 1-10 I'm 'Much More Than Five' 
Looking forward to being honored at s Patriot Dinner with in Charleston, SC this Sunday 
President Obama and our negotiators are failed checker players playing against Grand Master Chess champions. Very sad to watch!
Record setting cold and snow, ice caps massive! The only global warming we should fear is that caused by nuclear weapons - incompetent pols.
Entrepreneurs: It's often to your advantage to be underestimated.
Entrepreneurs: Pay attention to your negotiation skills. It's all about persuasion, and persuasion is power.
Entrepreneurs: Ignorance is not bliss, it's fatal. It's costly. Pay attention or get crushed. Watch, listen and learn.
Gov. Scott Walker just left my office--we had a really wonderful talk. Very interesting! 
Via 
The winner of Best In Show of the 139th, Miss P, visited today- 
Donald Trump called the White House and offered to help fix the BP oil spill 
will be featured on this morning (now).
Receiving the Algemeiner Liberty Award--a great honor. 
Entrepreneurs: Difficulties, mistakes &amp; setbacks are an inevitable part of business &amp; life. Remember to keep your equilibrium intact.
Entrepreneurs: Identify your goals. Know precisely what you want to achieve. Have your own vision and stick with it!
Entrepreneurs: Winners see problems as just another way to prove themselves. Remember to focus on the solution--not the problem.
What ever happened to the good old days of The Academy Awards. This show is an insult to the past, just plain bad!
The Oscars are a sad joke, very much like our President. So many things are wrong!
My int. with in South Carolina with cadets on my 757 discussing 2016 
Trump to host #Oscars? 
THE DONALD GOT A MUSKET 
Entrepreneurs: Review your work habits and make sure they are taking you in the right direction. Don't become complacent!
Entrepreneurs: Identify your goals -- and see each day as an opportunity to show what you can do at the highest level.
Entrepreneurs: Keep your focus and keep your momentum. Believe in yourself--if you don't, no one else will either.
I have a lawsuit in Mexicos corrupt court system that I won but so far cant collect. Dont do business with Mexico!
The is a total joke &amp; laughing stock of journalism, as is gross Arianna Huffington. They dont report the facts!
I told everybody the Oscars were no goodNielsen ratings confirmed, one of the lowest ratings in history.
I could fix tv talk shows that are doing poorlythere is tremendous talent out there waiting to be tappedand nobody sees it!
Trump National Golf Club Los Angeles is situated on the Palos Verdes Peninsula overlooking the Pacific Ocean... 
Trump International Golf Links and Hotel, Ireland, is located on the Atlantic Ocean in County Clare. Spectacular! 
So many people are angry at my comments on Mexicobut face itMexico is totally ripping off the US. Our politicians are dummies!
Trump Int'l Hotel, Washington D.C.: The iconic Old Post Office Building will be one of the world's great hotels. 
Trump: Obama One Of The Worst Things Thats Ever Happened To Israel 
#TBT With the cast of GoodFellas 
Interview w/Melanie Batley Newsmax 
Be sure to watch my #CPAC2015 speech with intro by and a Q&amp;A with 
Exclusive - We Asked Donald Trump What Jobs He Would Offer ISIS 
Donald Trump: I want to run for president so badly 
Entrepreneurs: Keep the big picture in mind. There are always opportunities &amp; possibilities, and thinking too small can negate a lot of them
Entrepreneurs: Keep your momentum. Without momentum, a lot of great ideas go nowhere.
Entrepreneurs: Look at the solution, not the problem. Learn to focus on what will give results.
Entrepreneurs: Paying attention can be a cost effective way of protecting yourself.
Entrepreneurs: Dont ever think youve done it all already or that youve done your best. You haven't-- so don't limit yourself!
Trump International Hotel &amp; Tower, Vancouver, will be a fantastic addition to a spectacular city. 
All 50 of the WORLD'S TOP 50 PLAYERS will be at TRUMP NATIONAL DORAL on Thursday - Sunday for the Cadillac World Golf Championship.
With my friends at the great Boost event at the at 
Just arrived at for the starting tomorrow- 
We create success or failure on the course primarily by our thoughts. -- Gary Player
The road to success is always under construction. -- Arnold Palmer
Concentration is a fine antidote to anxiety. -- Jack Nicklaus
The object of golf is not just to win. It is to play like a gentleman, and win. -- Phil Mickelson
Trump National Doral will have big crowds this weekend for the WGC. THE BLUE MONSTER IS READY FOR THE WORLD'S TOP FIFTY PLAYERS!
The mark of a great player is in his ability to come back. The great champions have all come back from defeat. -- Sam Snead
I hope the Mexican judge is more honest than the Mexican businessmen who used the court system to avoid paying me the money they owe me.
Despite Mexico's interest in again hosting the Miss Universe Pageant, it will be because of Rodolfo Rosas Moya that it will never happen.
Because of Rodolfo Rosas Moya, who owes me lots of money, Mexico will never again host the Miss Universe Pageant.
Every sport evolves. Every sport gets bigger and more athletic, and you have to keep up. -- Tiger Woods
Ringling Brothers is phasing out their elephants. I,for one, will never go again. They probably used the animal rights stuff to reduce costs
Mexico's court system corrupt.I want nothing to do with Mexico other than to build an impenetrable WALL and stop them from ripping off U.S.
Golf is a game of respect and sportsmanship; we have to respect its traditions and its rules. -- Jack Nicklaus
Today's final round of the WGC Cadillac Championship will be amazing. A lot of pressure on leader, who has played great. Big names hunting!
Will be on at 7:00 - 5 minutes.
The Blue Monster was a sensation over the weekend. Really tough but players &amp; critics alike loved it.
Entrepreneurs: Keep an open mind. Business is a creative endeavor.
Entrepreneurs: Remember the golden rule of negotiating -- he who has the gold makes the rules.
Trump International Hotel &amp; Tower New York has received great acclaim, as has our signature restaurant, Jean Georges 
I am happy to announce that the will be held at this year! Follow for more!
An investment in knowledge pays the best interest. -- Benjamin Franklin
The Blue Monster at Trump National Doral recieved rave reviews from both players and architectural critics following the Cadillac WGC.Thanks
GET READY!! The #TrumpFerryPoint tee sheet opens TODAY 10am EST on our website for April 1st-30th! 
Entrepreneurs: Having an ego and acknowledging it is a healthy choice. There's nothing wrong with bringing your talents to the surface.
Entrepreneurs: Problems are a mind exercise. Enjoy the challenge.
Entrepreneurs: Being stubborn is a big part of being a winner. Never give up!
Trump International Hotel, Washington D.C. will be one of the world's top luxury hotels 
Entrepreneurs: A winning attitude will put things in perspective. Keep negative thoughts &amp; people where they belong--out of the big picture.
Entrepreneurs: What is the standard for which you want to be known? Identify that standard &amp; then establish it. Simple, but not easy. Focus!
Entrepreneurs: There are no guarantees, but being ready sure beats being taken by surprise. Know everything you can about what you're doing.
Boy did Pharrell &amp; Robin Thicke get screwed. The Marvin Gaye song sounds nothing like theirs. Get new lawyers fast!
at 7:00 A.M.
Trump National Golf Club Bedminster, New Jersey, has courses designed by Tom Fazio &amp; 16 acres of practice facilities. 
Entrepreneurs: Success is good. Success with significance is even better. Make your work count.
April is Autism Awareness Month, join me in raising awareness - get your Light It Up Blue sign here! #LIUB 
Trump National Golf Club, Washington, D.C., is located on 600 acres and fronts the Potomac River. Spectacular!
THE DONALD J. TRUMP PRESIDENTIAL EXPLORATORY COMMITTEE-
Trump Int'l Hotel &amp; Tower, New York has the perfect Manhattan location &amp; is the signature restaurant. 
Trump Golf Links at Ferry Point, an 18 hole public golf course in the Bronx, New York, is opening soon! 
New York has interiors by celebrated design house Fendi Casa and 360 degree views of the city skyline. 
Trump National Golf Club Los Angeles fronts the Pacific Ocean and has an 18 hole Pete Dye course. Beautiful! 
Entrepreneurs: Set the example, and you'll be a magnet for the right people. That's the best way to work with people you like.
Entrepreneurs: Learn to be succinct. Can you tell someone your idea in three minutes or less? Be clear and concise.
Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts. -- Winston Churchill
discusses our #TrumpPets program : 
Will be on at 7:00 - 15 minutes! Enjoy.
ICYMI, Raw video: Donald Trump speaks at Rep. Steve Stepanek's Amherst reception 
My int. on why I am considering running for POTUS, negotiations &amp; making America great again 
Donald Trump: 'a very dishonest organization' 
With in Washington, D.C. Old Post Office under construction. Tune in tonight at 7PM EST! 
Entrepreneurs: Negotiation is an art. Treat it like one.
Entrepreneurs: Trust your instincts, even after you've honed your skills. They're there for a reason.
Entrepreneurs: Take responsibility for yourself. It's a very empowering attitude.
I am on now!
Go to show - will be talking about OPO and plenty else - ENJOY!
Jack Nicklaus II gave the best tribute to a parent I have ever heard at yesterdays Congressional Gold Medal Ceremony honoring 
.Favorite Miami Hot Spots 
Trump on 2016 Run: I Would Self-Fund, Appoint Wall Street Experts 
My int. on with at OPO discussing my potential candidacy &amp; making America great again 
Trump: Politicians are all talk no action; I'm the opposite 
Pres. Obama was touting Yemen as a great success story - it just fell. Obama doesn't know what he is doing. Saudi Arabia is in big trouble.
If Saudi Arabia, which has been making one billion dollars a day from oil, wants our help and protection, they must pay dearly! NO FREEBIES.
Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl should face the death penalty for desertion - five brave soldiers died trying to bring him back. U.S. has to get tough!
Resolve never to quit, never to give up, no matter what the situation.-- 
Entrepreneurs: When negotiating, don't be an open book. Know that the only person on your side might be yourself.
Entrepreneurs: Successful negotiation means knowing what the other side wants. You've got to know where they're coming from. Pay attention!
Flashback July '14:Trump: Bergdahl Swap Another Mistake By 'Gang That Couldn't Shoot Straight' 
Message to Obama re: Iran: The worst thing you can possibly do in a deal is seem desperate to make it. - The Art of the Deal
Faster And Cheaper, Trump Finishes NYC Ice Rink Gov. can be efficient w/leadership &amp; business acumen.
ICYMI, by : Donald Trump to give Iowa speech on education 
The road to success is always under construction.-- Arnold Palmer
The girlfriend of Lubitz, the wacko co-pilot who took down the plane, knew he was insane and should have reported him. Put her through hell
the jewel in Donald Trump golfing crown by 
Poll: Donald Trump in GOP Top Tier for President 
Wow, what a nice honor! 
US tycoon Donald Trump in talks with Ryanair to bring more flights back to Prestwick Airport 
My Commitment 2016 Conversation with discussing leadership, China, healthcare &amp; veterans 
We have a sacred duty to care for our vets and their families. Veterans deserve universal access to care anywhere and anytime!
The border is wide open for cartels &amp; terrorists. Secure our border now. Build a massive wall &amp; deduct the costs from Mexican foreign aid!
Iran is desperate to develop nukes. Congress must increase sanctions against Iran.
Trump: Iran Nuke Talks Should Have Taken One Day 
The right leadership can help economy while creating security around the world. Lets make America great again! 
Entrepreneurs: Ask yourself: What am I pretending not to see? There may be some great opportunities right around you.
Entrepreneurs: See yourself as victorious. Look at the solution, not the problem. Be tough, be strong, be tenacious.
Entrepreneurs: Gain and use information to your advantage--see every day as an opportunity to learn.
I will be on tonight at 8:00. Enjoy!
Turn on now and enjoy true brilliance!
#TrumpVlog Be careful with Iran. 
One of the greatest tributes to a father I have ever witnessed--given to the great by his wonderful son 
The townhall question segment of my Commitment 2016 Conversation Great questions/people #FITN
Donald Trump on Who He Likes For President: Donald Trump 
Donald Trump: Kerry Has to Walk If Iran Doesn't Make Deal 
Trump: You're Hired 
Washington needs common sense conservative solutions. Lets make America great again! 
Entrepreneurs: Learn to trust yourself. Being an entrepreneur is not a group effort.
Politicians are all talk and no action. Washington can only be fixed by an outsider. Lets make America great again! 
Opens In The Bronx 
That Saturday Night Live is able to joke about the Germanwings air tragedy is disgusting. They should apologize to all of those suffering!
Have a fantastic, beautiful and happy Easter everyone and then, when Easter is over, have great wins and triumphs in life. Never give up!
I wish everyone, including the haters and losers, a very happy Easter!
have a great Easter, you are a real champion!
Congress must stop Obamas reckless deal with Iran. The framework is a pathway for Iran to develop nukes.
#TrumpAdvice 
Looking forward to visiting on Wednesday to discuss education. Common Core is an attack on individual &amp; local rights!
Congratulations to on being named the #ROL15 award. Well-earned &amp; well-deserved!
Miamis top destination, s remodeled Royal Palm Pool offers 18 luxurious cabanas 
Donald Trump to deliver keynote address at annual Chesterfield Republican Gala 
Obamas promises on the Iran deal are like him promising if you like your healthcare plan, you can keep it - 
we look forward to being with you, a truly great champion, tomorrow at Trump National D.C. for the Tennis Center dedication
As dishonest as is I say is worse. Neither has much money - sue them and put them out of business!
How much money is the extremely unattractive (both inside and out) Arianna Huffington paying her poor ex-hubby for the use of his name?
Many journalists are honest and great - but some are knowingly dishonest and basic scum. They should.be weeded out!
Wow, the respected Monmouth University poll has me ahead of most Republican candidates nationwide, and most people don't think I'm running!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Meeting with Iowa State Senate Leaders 
I had a great time in Iowa yesterday- record crowds, fantastic people!
Will be doing a big interview tonight with Bret Baier at 6:00 P.M. on Fox. Don't miss it!
I will be speaking at the NRA event today in Nashville. Many friends will be there.
I will be interviewed by Bret (on Fox) tonight at 6:00. Watch, it will be good!
did a fantastic job on O'Reilly tonight. Way to go Eric!
The NRA in Nashville today was amazing. Packed house and standing ovation for Trump. THANKS!
Thank you for the very fair and highly professional segment on me tonight. Many people watched and commented.
Thanks Mark, they will!
Heading to South Carolina now - meeting with fantastic people!
Spoke to a capacity crowd at Horry County Republican event earlier today. 
South Carolina and the audience were GREAT - THANKS!
You service is absolutely terrible - get on the ball! 
Thanks, they are all total losers with nothing going for them!
gives terrible service and has many complaints, just check.
.-Mobile has so many service complaints - a total joke!
Wow, Mitt Romney didn't know that Rand Paul was in the race for president. Very strange! 
How do third rate talents with no smarts like get so much time on television news. Boring guy - really bad for ratings!
Will be on at 7:00 this morning - enjoy!
Entrepreneurs: In the best negotiations, everyone wins. This is a possibility, and it's the ideal situation to strive for.
Entrepreneurs: Don't be confined by expectations. There are no exact rules for negotiation--try to remain flexible and open to new ideas.
Marco Rubio should pick a location that has working air conditioning next time - especially when in Miami - proper plan. Sweating profusely!
See the amazing views from located directly on the Pacific Ocean- 
Part 1 of my int. with discussing why I am strongly considering running for President 
Donald Trump: Dont politicize Walter Scott shooting 
Looking forward to speaking at the #FITN Republican Leadership Summit on Saturday at 12PM! Lets Make America Great Again!
The top course on the west coast overlooks Pacific Ocean &amp; offers a luxurious public golf experience 
We have a sacred duty to care for our vets and their families. Our Vets are owed full access to healthcare anytime &amp; anywhere!
My int. on simplifying the tax code, our incompetent leaders, Iran and making America great again 
UPDATE: Trump plans public event at :
Rodolfo Rosas Moya and his pals in Mexico owe me a lot of money. Disgusting &amp; slow Mexico court system. Mexico is not a U.S. friend.
Mexicos court system is a dishonest joke. I am owed a lot of money &amp; nothing happens.
With our brand new Tennis Performance Center, offers countless activities along with top courses 
Watch Donald Trump: He Is Patriotic And He Can Fix America 
Others claim they can make America great again but only one knows The Art of The Deal. Its time for an outsider 
Jeb Bush - I am a conservative = Barack Obama -If you like your healthcare plan, you can keep your plan.
The Republicans are funding ObamaCare and Amnesty. Obama beats them. 
For America to be strong again, the ways of politicians must be put in the past. Lets Make America Great Again! 
Looking forward to speaking at 1:30PM tomorrow in Nashua at !. Let's Make America Great Again! #FITN
Why do you have George Will on your show - he's exhausted, boring and not even a little relevant! Waste of good air-time!
I do what I do out of pure enjoyment. Hopefully, nobody does it better. Theres a beauty to making a great deal. It's my canvas.
is perhaps the most boring political pundit on television. Got thrown off ABC like a dog. At Mar-a-Lago he was a total bust!
For all of the haters and losers out there sorry, I never went Bankrupt -- but I did build a world class company and employ many people!
Just returned from New Hampshire where the crowd was great-and got a beautiful standing ovation! Wonderful people who truly love the U.S.A.
I will be interviewed on at 7:00 - 30 minutes. Some very interesting topics.
I know your business is failing but you should try to get writers far better than 
Congratulations to for once again receiving the AAA Five Diamond Award for another year!
We are getting ready to protect Saudi Arabia against Iran &amp; others-sending ships. How much are they going to pay us toward this protection.
As I have long been saying, South Africa is a total - and very dangerous - mess. Just watch the evening news (when not talking weather).
.: I heard you were a joke on the media panel this weekend in New Hampshire. You just don't have what it takes! 
Glad to see that has been hired by as an analyst. Pete should be around baseball and in the Hall of Fame!
Wow, really nice, and unexpected, from Ed Schultz. Thank you, Ed! 
I guess is a lot smarter than dopes like &amp; Oh well, both mags are dying anyway. 
Wow, Hillary and Bill are in deep trouble, but dont worry, my fellow Republicans will let them off the hook. All talk, no action.
Trump: 'We'll Make America Great Again' 
Government can be efficient with the right leadership. Lets Make America Great Again 
#TrumpVlog Trouble in paradise for Clintons- 
When you can't make them see the light, make them feel the heat. - Ronald Reagan
You stated that I started relentlessly tweeting like a 14-year-old girl... Horrible insult to women. Resign now or later!
People have been forced to resign positions for far less than s tweeting like a 14 year old girl
With a stupid guy like Jonah Goldberg who uses tweeting like a 14 year old girl to hit me, no wonder the NRO is doing so poorly. 
The reason Ed Schultz said nice things about me is that Im the only Repub who won't cut Social Security, etc. Ill make America rich again!
Wow, just looked at the stats for National Review. Dying fast, doing very little business. Save this conservative voice!
You should be totally focused on trying to save the badly failing National Review instead of focusing on me. Work hard! 
Ailsa Course changes: #TrumpTurnberry What a beautiful place! 
Looking forward to keynoting Lincoln-Reagan Gala this Friday at The Country Club at The Highlands. Sold out record crowd!
Trump to build five new holes at 
: gives public a chance to hear Trump speak 
I'm getting The Commandant's Leadership Award from the U.S.Marines tonight at The Waldorf Astoria - a great honor! 
Congratulations to the Republicans in Congress. You are the only people Obama can out negotiate. #TimeToGetTough
I want to negotiate my own, and much better, trade deals for our country. MUST INCLUDE CURRENCY MANIPULATION (and more). DO NOT LET PASS!
No amnesty. Protect the rule of law! Lets Make America Great Again 
The Trans-Pacific Partnership is an attack on America's business. It does not stop Japan's currency manipulation. This is a bad deal.
Republicans should not be giving Obama fast track authority on trade. The Trans-Pacific Partnership will squeeze our manufacturing sector
Do you notice that the polling establishment doesn't put me in polls, but put in folks who hardly register. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Excited to be travelling to New Hampshire on Monday. The Granite State is a model for the country. Live Free or Die!
Maryland GOP book Trump for major fundraiser 
Fact - while Jeb was governor &amp; Rubio was House Majority Leader, Floridas debt more than doubled. Conservatives?
Why are the Republicans giving Obama fast track authority for TPP and the Iran agreement?! Obama gets more from the GOP than his own party.
Talent wins games, but teamwork and intelligence wins championships. - Michael Jordan 
Very good, must be tough!
Great speaking to you today, we will speak again soon.
A beautiful article by on my newly opened golf course in NYC, Trump Links Ferry Point 
Looking forward to giving keynote speech tonight Lincoln-Reagan dinner in Virginia.
A fantastic guy!
Really important to cover currency manipulation in trade agreements - that's where China and others are beating us. Best!
I don't know if Hillary will be able to run, she is a walking time bomb!
Will be interviewed on at 7:00 - 5 minutes. Then I head to New Hampshire, great people!
My int w/ at #WHCD on my 2016 timetable, saving Social Security &amp; Making America Great Again! 
#TrumpAdvice 
Wow, 15 policemen hurt in Baltimore, some badly! Where is the National Guard. Police must get tough, and fast! Thugs must be stopped.
Blatant and rampant property destruction in Baltimore as the police stand by and watch. Should be a lesson on how NOT to handle riots. SAD!
Our great African American President hasn't exactly had a positive impact on the thugs who are so happily and openly destroying Baltimore!
Now that the ineffective Baltimore Police have allowed the city to be destroyed, are the U.S. taxpayers expected to rebuild it (again)?
Our country has to come together. We have to start working with, and really liking, each other. The whole world is watching Baltimore.
The best social program, by far, is a JOB! Our jobs are being taken away from us by China and many other countries - incompetent leader.
Hopefully there won't be any problems in Baltimore tonight. Be calm, be cool-do not let anybody get hurt.There is just too much to live for!
I wonder what the rest of the world is thinking about the United States as they watch the disgusting and out of control Baltimore riots?
I am going to Iowa today - sold out crowds. People don't want our country ripped-off anymore. Must stop now!
Incredible handheld video of the Las Vegas Strip in 1969. The skyline looks better with ! 
Congrats for winning Fine Hotels &amp; Resorts 'Hotel Partner of The Year for 2014' award!
named one of the best value Michelin-starred restaurants in Chicago 
Good seeing you. Keep up the great work, never stop!
Why is no-one talking about the horrible murder of Ana Charle by ex-con thug West Spruill. Gunned down on street, naked. Why no riots here?
If the working, proud and productive people of our country don't start exerting their authority and views, the U.S. as we know it is doomed!
Entrepreneurs: Achievers move forward at all times. Achievement is not a plateau, it's a beginning.
Entrepreneurs: Don't tread water. Get out there and go for it.
Trump: U.S. getting beat up 
My int. from discussing how politicians have failed us &amp; Making America Great Again! 
Trump talks 2016 run, jobs at 
Donald Trump talks economy with Republicans in Davenport 
Thank you. 
Trump: Very much inclined to enter GOP White House race by 
Beautiful, thank you. 
Plans to build wind farm near Trump Turnberry in Scotland have been dropped. GREAT! 
Great insight in dealing with the media today. You are a wonderful representative of calm and reason, a real pro!
Good luck tonight Floyd.
I will be interviewed at 7:00 A.M. on - Enjoy.
open the National at the Old Post Office Pavilion 
Congress was elected last November to reign Obama in, not to give him fast track authority for bad trade deals for the American worker!
Deportations are plummeting while Obama continues to grant amnesty.
Thrilled to hear that has awarded the 'Rakuten Diamond Award' for the 4th consecutive year! Congrats!
The U.S. has enough problems without publicity seekers going out and openly mocking religion in order to provoke attacks and death. BE SMART
What would you do if a large group of Muslims had a very public meeting drawing horrible and mocking cartoons of Jesus? Oh really, be cool!
There is incredible progress on the site of Trump Tower Punta del Este, Uruguay, situated on the sands of Playa Brava 
Great story on in about our new Sky and Wellness Suites: 
I am thrilled to share that the Trump Home furniture collection by, just opened a new 
Follow for all the updates on my New Hampshire political activities. Looking forward to returning to the Granite State on May 14!
There can be no liberty unless there is economic liberty. - The Iron Lady Margaret Thatcher
Trump International Golf Club Turnberry, Scotland has been home to four of the greatest Open Championships in history 
Our country must get very strong and very tough - and fast, before it is too late. We have zero leadership and never WIN! We want victory.
is a total whack job who doesn't have a clue. Don't provoke the enemy, go get them and make them pay. No signals, just do it!
Via HT Politics 
Donald Trump To Blast Obama Trade Pact In Radio Ads: A Bad, Bad Deal 
#TrumpAdvice 
.: Great job on this morning. You beautifully stated what most people are thinking! Say hi to all.
The United States needs great deals - and fast. We have to make our country rich again in order to MAKE OUR COUNTRY GREAT AGAIN!
I was the first &amp; only potential GOP candidate to state there will be no cuts to Social Security, Medicare &amp; Medicaid. Huckabee copied me.
It was great being with you on this morning. So many people saw and loved the piece. Great work!
eyes new projects in Abu Dhabi for Trump Organization 
Don't Give Obama Fast-Track Trade Authority 
THE DONALD REBUKES OBAMATRADE 
A strong military makes us respected by our allies &amp; feared by our enemies. Lets Make America Great Again! 
Thank you and keep up the great work!
did a great job of winning tonight - played like champions!
is doing a really good job on Fox, especially when talking politics. He has come a long way fast!
Big crowds, standing ovations in South Carolina - MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Happy #MothersDay to all the great mothers out there! 
How come there are no protests in favor of the two young police officers gunned down in Mississippi by two deranged animals. DEATH PENALTY!
I will be interviewed on at 7:00 this morning. Plenty to talk about!
A great job by in winning The Players yesterday. Finally, your jealous critics can go to hell! Good luck at The U.S. Open.
Denzel Washington gave a wonderful commencement speech over the weekend. From the heart!
in 5 minutes.
Do what you can, with what you have, where you are. - Theodore Roosevelt
They had no definitive proof against Tom Brady or #patriots. If Hillary doesn't have to produce Emails, why should Tom? Very unfair!
People are so jealous of Tom Brady and the Patriots. No court could convict based on the evidence.They can't beat him on the field, so this!
One of the dumber and least respected of the political pundits is Chris Cillizza of the Washington Post Moron hates my poll numbers
What a STUPID deal for Verizon to buy AOL for $4.4 billion. AOL has been bad luck for everyone who touched it. Worth less than $1 billion!
I was proud to be one of Ronald Reagan's earliest supporters. Like Reagan, it's time to Make America Great Again!
Entrepreneurs: Be passionate. You have to love what you're doing to be successful at it.
Entrepreneurs: Keep the big picture in mind. There are always opportunites and possibilities &amp; thinking too small can negate a lot of them.
DONALD TRUMP: RICH PEOPLE DONT LIKE ME-POOR, MIDDLE-INCOME PEOPLE LIKE ME BEST 
My interview on Tom Brady, Hillary Clinton, the Granite State &amp; Making America Great Again! 
Jeb Bush really blew his interview with - should cost him big time. Said he would do the disastrous Iraq war all over again
Amtrak crash near Philadelphia, train derails -many hurt, some badly. Our country has horrible infrastructure problems. Pols can't solve!
The only one to fix the infrastructure of our country is me - roads, airports, bridges. I know how to build, pols only know how to talk!
Remember, politicians are all talk and NO action. Our country is a laughing stock that is going to hell. The lobbyists &amp; donors control all!
I am the BEST builder, just look at what I've built. Hillary can't build. Republican candidates can't build. They don't have a clue!
My major hotel conversion of The Old Post Office on Pennsylvania Avenue in D.C. is under budget and ahead of schedule. Should be U.S.A.
Thanks for hosting me tomorrow at the Two International Group! Looking forward to making new friends &amp; discussing #FITN topics.
Looking forward to touring the world headquarters tomorrow! One of the top gun manufacturers in the US! #GunRights #TCOT
You can be an player with murder charges and not be suspended. Yet with NO EVIDENCE, targeted Tom Brady. B.S.!
I hope Tom Brady sues the hell out of the for incompetence &amp; defamation. They will drop the case against him--and he will win.
Who ever heard of a legal conviction statement more probable than not against Tom Brady? Sue them, Tom, and make lots of $. 
I call Jeb Bush the reluctant warrior --- he just doesn't want to be doing this, he is not having fun!
Going to New Hampshire, all sold out crowds. People want real change - POLS WILL NEVER MAKE OUR COUNTRY GREAT AGAIN!
Failure isnt fatal, but failure to change might be - John Wooden
Trump Int'l Hotel &amp; Golf Links Ireland (formerly The Lodge at Doonbeg) is a 5 star resort fronting the Atlantic Ocean 
I cannot believe how bad Jeb Bush looks with his insane answer on Iraq, and then his numerous corrections which made him look even worse.
Excited to keynote of the sold-out Pottawattamie County Republican Party Lincoln/Reagan Dinner tonight! Leaving now!
Trump inches closer to a decision 
Looking forward to being interviewed by Sam Clovis tomorrow at in Sioux City at 10AM CT! Lets Make America Great Again!
Excited to be speaking at s Iowa National Security Action Summit tomorrow at 1:30PM! 
I am in Iowa today, great STATE, fantastic PEOPLE! Many speeches, big crowds - all sold out! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Received a standing ovation in packed house after Sam Clovis intro! Let's Make America Great Again! 
Today is armed forces day. Thank you to our military service members! I love you all!
Jeb Bush gave five different answers in four days on whether or not we should have invaded Iraq.He is so confused.Not presidential material!
Marco Rubio was a complete disaster today in an interview with Chris Wallace concerning our invading Iraq.He was as clueless as Jeb
Wow, ISIS has just taken the City of Ramadi in Iraq. So many of our great soldiers died in originally going after it. Such a waste.
I will be on at 7:00 A.M. So much to talk about but not much good news for the U.S.A. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Congrats to on his new show! Greg makes great TV and is a terrific guy.
Host of the &amp;, is home to 4 unique courses including the famous Blue Monster 
Remember when Jeb gave Hillary a medal on the 1 year anniversary of Benghazi?! Guess he would have invaded Libya too!
Trump: I created tens of thousands of jobs by 
FLASHBACK from 2004: Donald Trump Would 'Fire' Bush Over Iraq Invasion It's called great vision. 
Our debt finances Chinas military. It's time to get tough - we hold all the cards. Lets Make America Great Again! 
TPP does not stop Japans currency manipulation &amp; China has a backdoor to join. It must be stopped. We need to protect the American worker!
Entrepreneurs: Be tough, be smart, be personable -- but don't take things personally. That's good business.
Entrepreneurs: Work on what you will be proud to be associated with. Make your work count.
Actions are the seed of fate deeds grow into destiny. - Harry S. Truman
Incredible progress at - Punta del Este, Uruguay -- the views are going to be fantastic! 
With Sen. Elizabeth Dole &amp; Caregiver Fellows. Tremendous people caring for our military &amp; veterans! 
I now see John Kasich from Ohio- who is desperate to run- is using my line Make America Great Again. Typical pol- no imagination!
I had a great time answering as many questions as possible in sixty seconds at NY today- 
Donald Trump Sends Message to 
Looking forward to being awarded the 2015 Statesman of the Year by this Thursday. A record 2,000+ attendees-Can't wait!
Yesterday the White House claimed its ISIS strategy is a 'success.' Tell that to the Christians being beheaded. We need to hit ISIS hard!
Our country has tremendous potential. Together, we can fix Washington. Lets Make America Great Again! 
Will be on Fox now. Watch and enjoy!
I had a great time today visiting Facebook NY. 
New book is excellent and so true! Congrats!
Renovations make Trump's Doral a showcase once again 
Flashback: NYers were grateful when Donald Trump finished ahead of schedule and under budget the Wollman Rink 
Is the White House Big Enough for Donald Trump? 
Just 30 minutes from Manhattan, is Westchesters most elite club offering a 7,291 yard course 
Entrepreneurs: Be totally focused. Being successful requires nothing less than 100% of your concentrated effort.
Looking forward to receiving 2015 Statesman of the Year award tonight by A record 2,000+ sell out 
Trump Golf Links at Ferry Point: Grand Opening next Tuesday May 26th at 11 AM. Jack Nicklaus will be joining me. 
Patriotism is supporting your country all the time, and your government when it deserves it. - Mark Twain
On this Memorial Day holiday, we honor our fallen soldiers who have made the greatest sacrifice for freedom. They are our countrys finest.
A strong America creates opportunity and growth. We just need to change Washington. Lets Make America Great Again! 
I told that and I had identical views on a certain issue and she cut it out of the taped interview. Why? Too bad!
Think BIG! You are going to be thinking anyway, so you might as well think BIG!
I would like to wish everyone, including all haters and losers (of which, sadly, there are many) a truly happy and enjoyable Memorial Day!
I will be interviewed on at 7:00 A.M.
The middle-class has become the new poor in this country and our incompetent politicians are unable to do anything about it.They don't care!
My honor. 
Whether you think you can or think you can't---you are right. -- Henry Ford
If any candidate believes that with what we know today we still should have invaded Iraq then they are unqualified to be Commander-in-Chief.
Entrepreneurs: See yourself as victorious--look at the solution, not the problem.
Entrepreneurs: Realize that persistence can go a long way. Being stubborn is often an attribute.
On 800 pristine Miami acres, boasts luxurious accommodations, world-class dining &amp; championship golf 
Resolve never to quit, never to give up, no matter what the situation. -- Jack Nicklaus
Politicians are all talk and no action. Bush and Rubio couldn't answer simple question on Iraq. They will NEVER make America great again!
In the end, you're measured not by how much you undertake, but by what you finally accomplish!
Donald Trump: 'We Must Make America Great Again' 
Taking Trump Seriously 
Common Core is a federal takeover of school curriculum. Department of Education should be disbanded not expanded. Focus on local education.
Face reality as it is, not as it was or as you wish it to be. - 
I had a fantastic time with at the grand opening of the great Watch the video- 
Entrepreneurs: Set the example. You can motivate others as well as yourself by remembering that you are setting the example.
Entrepreneurs: Ask yourself: What can I provide that does not yet exist? Be open to new ideas. Be innovative!
Donald Trump To Be In Mason City June 4th 
New York Debuts Sizzling Summer Offerings 
ICYMI, by Post Editorial Board: : New Gem in the Bronx 
Wow, the economy is really bad! GROSS DOMESTIC PRODUCT down 0.7% in 1st. quarter - and getting worse. I TOLD YOU SO! Only I can fix.
While Jon Stewart is a joke, not very bright and totally overrated, some losers and haters will miss him and his dumb clown humor. Too bad!
All the haters and losers must admit that, unlike others, I never attacked dopey Jon Stewart for his phony last name. Would never do that!
I would like to offer Vice President Biden my warmest condolences on the loss of his wonderful son, Beau. Met him once, great guy!
For those of you that have conveniently fotgotten, dummy Jon Stewart is a bad filmmaker. His last effort was a real bomb (in all ways)!
I will be on at 7:00 A.M. ENJOY!
Jon Stewart is the most overrated joke on television. A wiseguy with no talent. Not smart, but convinces dopes he is! Fading out fast.
For those of you that have conveniently forgotten, dummy Jon Stewart is a bad filmmaker. His last effort was a real bomb (in all ways)!
Awarded 5 Stars by, s offers Executive Chef s new menu 
June 16th- 
While Jon Stewart is a joke, not very bright and totally overrated, some losers and haters will miss him &amp; his dumb clown humor. Too bad!
Donald Trump vows to be the 'greatest representative of Christians' if he wins White House 
Donald Trump Wants to Build a Wall Between U.S. And Mexico 
is proud to be hosting where all 4 Major Champions will square off. October 2015. 
The Constitution is the guide which I never will abandon - George Washington
Entrepreneurs: Achievers move forward at all times. Achievement is not a plateau, it's a beginning. Get out there &amp; go for it!
Entrepreneurs: There's nothing wrong with bringing your talents to the surface. Having an ego and acknowledging it is a healthy choice.
Entrepreneurs: Set the bar high and resolve to be bigger than your problems. Who's the boss?
The Spa offers unique treatments that use traditional Hawaiian botanicals &amp; healing techniques 
Too bad I don't get this for political speeches- they cost me a fortune! 
The Trans-Pacific Partnership will increase our trade deficits &amp; send even more jobs overseas. This is a bad deal. Time for smart trade!
I love it when people doubt me. It makes me work harder to prove them wrong. - Derek Jeter
Looking forward to visiting Mason City, Iowa, tomorrow. Will be my 8th day in the Hawkeye State this year! 
Trump to jet in to unveil Trump clubhouse 
Bureaucratic red tape and overregulation are discouraging the American dream. Its time for a bold new direction! 
Excited to be returning to the State Convention as the Keynote of Saturdays dinner! is a strong Conservative state party!
Just as I predicted, while Obama lifted sanctions 18 months ago, Iran cheated &amp; increased its nuclear fuel by 20%. We must DOUBLE sanctions!
Fortunately for a quarterback, you can play for a long time because you don't get hit very often. - Tom Brady 
Entrepreneurs: Vision remains vision until you focus, do the work, and bring it down to earth where it will do some good.
Trump Nat'l Golf Club, Philadelphia, is a 360 acre beauty and an award winning Tom Fazio designed course--fantastic! 
Donald Trump stops in Coralville 
Standing room only in Mason City, Iowa! Thanks to the record crowd of over 400 supporters! 
Standing ovation after promising to bring the American Dream back, and better than ever before! 
With great patriots in Mason City who also want to bring the American Dream back! We can Make America Great Again! 
One of the worst and most boring political pundits on television is A totally overrated clown who speaks without knowing facts
pretends to be a smart guy, but if you look at his record, he isn't. A dummy who is on too many Fox shows. An overrated clown!
Was in Iowa yesterday-great people. Record crowds at both speeches. Something big is happening. Pols are all talk. Make America great again!
Donald Trump speaks to veterans, residents in Coralville 
Donald Trump: Ive made up my mind on 2016 by 
Trump: We'll bring American dream back 
We must stop Common Core from controlling state &amp; local curriculums. It is a federal grab of education. Keep education local!
Our runaway judiciary is badly in need of restraint by Congress. - Phyllis Schlafly
Going to North Carolina to make keynote speech - sold out crowd!
Just Introduced at #NCGOPcon as the country's highest paid speaker. Told the record crowd of 650 I am to be speaking here for free!
Loved doing #NCGOPConvention keynote speech last night! Unbelievable reception. Had the biggest crowds by far of any of the GOP candidates.
Trump National Golf Club Los Angeles offers 18 holes fronting the Pacific Ocean on the Palos Verdes Peninsula. 
Amazing NH poll released! We are getting ready to Make America Great Again! 
New Hampshire Poll: Trump into top-tier status 
Trump Turnberry is a spectacular place--and home to four of the greatest Open Championships of all time. 
Trump Int'l Hotel &amp; Tower New York, includes Central Park views &amp; our signature restaurant, Jean Georges. Perfection! 
Trump Surges Among GOP Hopefuls in NH 
Via gets new clubhouse 
Our is really starting the summer on the right foot with their #wellness program as seen in : 
Entrepreneurs: Take responsibility for yourself. Its a very empowering attitude.
Congratulations to for winning the 2015 Traveler's Choice Award from 
Video: Trump Golf Links at Ferry Point 
Thank you. 
Thanks &amp; I won't let you down. 
There is. 
Thank you. 
Thank you. 
Looking for Father's Day gift? named the spa one of the best places for men to relax 
Entrepreneurs: Keep your eyes on your ideals as well as reality. Accentuate the positive without being blind to the negative.
True! 
Thank you. 
Should not pass--bad deal! 
Thank you. 
Thank you. 
I am really happy that Hillary made her speech right under Trump World Tower!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Tuesday will be a big day for our country to do a complete turnaround. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Tomorrow at 11AM #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
LIVE on #Periscope 
Great! 
Will do, thanks. 
Thanks. 
Do we really need another Bush in the White House--- we have had enough of them. 
Thanks. 
Make sure to follow me on #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
In one hour I will be making a major announcement from Trump Tower. Watch it live on Periscope! 
Make sure to follow me on I will be streaming my announcement at 11AM.
11AM #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Thanks Geraldo, you're a champion. 
I am officially running for President of the United States. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Thanks Eric. 
, watched you on my flight to Iowa. Will not be forgotten.
, in addition,no doubt you would have been amazing on ! Keep up the great work.
Enjoyed watching analysis of my interview. Great points! Thank you, Monica.
Thank you Sarah--Let's have pizza in New York soon with you &amp; your great family 
Only a fool would buy the Loses fortune &amp; has zero gravitas. Let it die!
We need someone with experience to rebuild America. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Heading to New Hampshire. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Speaking to great patriots My first visit to Granite State since declaring my candidacy! #FITN 
Watch my appearance on - great interview! 
Trump Nat'l Golf Club Philadelphia, 360 beautiful acres as designed by Tom Fazio with views of the Philly skyline. 
Just watched Brian Williams on - very sad! Brian should get on with a new life and not start all over at Stop apologizing
Goofy political pundit George Will spoke at Mar-a-Lago years ago. I didnt attend because hes boring &amp; often wronga total dope!
George Will was a big Iraq fool. $2 trillion, thousands of lives lost -- &amp; we got nothing! Dummy.
Has Charles ever apologized for being so totally wrong on Iraq? I called it right in every wayMake America Great Again!
Hillary Clinton reaches new low. #TrumpVlog 
Stop saying I went bankrupt. I never went bankrupt but like many great business people have used the laws to corporate advantagesmart!
Almost every major dealmaker has used the bankruptcy laws as a business tool. Icahn, Black, Zellbut nobody says they went bankrupt!
Our country is in a major crisis of incompetent leadership. We cannot continue to go on with these politicians who do nothing but talk.
Why did beg me for a tweet (endorsement) when her book was launched?
Mexico is killing the United States economically because their leaders and negotiators are FAR smarter than ours. But nobody beats Trump!
Druggies, drug dealers, rapists and killers are coming across the southern border. When will the U.S. get smart and stop this travesty?
Who would you rather have negotiating for the U.S. against Putin, Iran, China, etc., Donald Trump or Hillary? Is there even a little doubt?
Happy Father's Day to all! I had a wonderful and loving father. 
was so unprofessional and biased when discussing me on This Week. should not allow this conduct!
The great Mike Wallace covered me in a much more professional manner than his son, Chris Wallace of Mike was a total pro!
stated clearly that he wants to repeal the 2nd Amendment. I thought was going to fire that jerk after his Romney fiasco?
still thinks Romney won! He doesn't have a clue! 
Sadly, I will no longer be doing at 7:00 A.M. on Mondays. This is because I am running for president and law prohibits. LOVE!
I want to thank Elizabeth, Steve, Brian and all of the great folks of for the long and successful run we had together. NICE!
Thank you for your nice words--greatly appreciated.
Great job--you are a true champion! See you soon.
It's time for government to stop picking winners &amp; losers. Lets make sure everyone can achieve the American dream! 
Who do you want negotiating for us? #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Flashback - Jeb Bush received a $4M tax payer bailout in 1990 Guess who was POTUS then?
The Senate must NOT pass TPA! Any Senator who votes for it is disqualified for being POTUS. Protect the American worker and manufacturer!
Entrepreneurs: Negotiation is an art. Treat it like one.
Entrepreneurs: Be tough, be smart, be personable, but don't take things personally. That's good business.
Entrepreneurs: Brainpower is the ultimate leverage. Don't underestimate yourself or your possibilities.
Have you released a copy of the beautiful thank you card you sent me? Would you like to see it? 
Today I filed my Statement of Candidacy with the FEC. Let's #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Defying Doubters, Donald Trump Makes Presidential Bid Official 
Donald trump files statement of candidacy 
Trump Surges in Popularity in N.H. 
My interview on Trump: 'Last Person I'd Want Negotiating for Me Is Obama' 
Donald Trump Surges In New Hampshire Poll: MOGUL, REALITY STAR EMERGES AS GRANITE STATES ANTI-BUSH 
Speaking at the Red, White and Blue Dinner in Maryland- 
The highly respected Suffolk University poll just announced that I am alone in 2nd place in New Hampshire, with Jeb Bust (Bush) in first.
Thank you. 
A few months ago Neil Young came to my office looking for $$ on an audio deal &amp; called me last week to go to his concert. Wow!
For the nonbeliever, here is a photo of in my office and his $$ requesttotal hypocrite. 
.s song, Rockin In The Free World was just one of 10 songs used as background music. Didnt love it anyway.
Just out, the new nationwide poll has me alone in 2nd place, closely behind Jeb Bush-but Bush will NEVER Make America Great Again!
The ratings for The View are really low. Nicole Wallace and Molly Sims are a disaster. Get new cast or just put it to sleep. Dead T.V.
had better surround herself with better hosts than Nicole Wallace, who doesn't have a clue. The show is close to death!
My message, MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN, is beginning to take hold. Bring back our jobs, strengthen our military and borders, help our VETS!
We have to bring back and cherish the middle class - once the backbone and true strength of the U.S.A. It can happen!
I hear that dopey political pundit, Lawrence O'Donnell, one of the dumber people on television, is about to lose his show-no ratings? Too bad
Univision wants to back out of signed contract because I exposed the terrible trade deals that the U.S. makes with Mexico.
I love Mexico but not the unfair trade deals that the US so stupidly makes with them. Really bad for US jobs, only good for Mexico.
Anyone who wants strong borders and good trade deals for the US should boycott 
cares far more about Mexico than it does about the U.S. Are they controlled by the Mexican government?
If I win the presidency, my judicial appointments will do the right thing unlike Bush's appointee John Roberts on ObamaCare.
When you are in a war, or even a battle, losing is not an option!
The leader and negotiators representing Mexico are far smarter and more cunning than the leader and negotiators representing the U.S.!
I'll be in Iowa tonight making a speech to a record setting crowd. The word is getting out, MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
A great article by out the truth on Mexico, trade, the border &amp; illegals. Thank you 
Addressing record crowd Madison County Iowa GOP Dinner. We can bring common sense to DC &amp; Make America Great Again! 
Will be in Chicago tomorrow for a record setting (by far) luncheon.
Univision apologized to me but I will not accept their apology. I will be suing them for a lot of money. Miss U.S.A. contestants are hurt!
Remember, Univision apologized!
Speaking at the City Club of Chicago. Sold out in minutes with thousands on the wait list! 
We MUST have strong borders and stop illegal immigration. Without that we do not have a country. Also, Mexico is killing U.S. on trade. WIN!
I love the Mexican people, but Mexico is not our friend. They're killing us at the border and they're killing us on jobs and trade. FIGHT!
Watch me on the tonight at 8PM.
My just filed lawsuit against Univision. Always fight back when right. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
My recent statement re: -- We must have strong borders &amp; stop illegal immigration now! 
Those who believe in tight border security, stopping illegal immigration &amp; SMART trade deals w/other countries should boycott 
AndersonThank you for being so fair with your reporting &amp; story last night. Greatly appreciated!
was a terrible governor of NY, one of the worst -- wouldve been swamped if he ran again!
couldnt be elected dog catcher if he ran againso he didnt!
Interesting that criticized me but just paid $650,000 in fines for racial profiling. Are they racists?
Who is to pretend innocence when they racial profile all over the place? Paid big fine!
Look what the President of NBC sent me recently about his stay in my Las Vegas hotel. Very loyal guy. 
stock just dropped. Interesting. So many people calling to say they are cutting up their credit card. Thank you!
Why doesnt somebody study the horrible charges brought against for racial profiling? Terrible hypocrites!
Always Play On Offense 
A country must enforce its borders. Respect for the rule of law is at our countrys core. We must build a wall! 
It is time to bring competence to Washington. It is time get results. Lets Make America Great Again! 
As Governor of Texas, Rick Perry could have done far more to secure the border - but that's O.K., I like him anyway! 
Mexican leaders and negotiators are much tougher and smarter than those of the U.S. Mexico is killing us on jobs and trade. WAKE UP!
Wow, Huffington Post just stated that I am number 1 in the polls of Republican candidates. Thank you, but the work has just begun!
NYC Mayor Action Against Donald Trump Is Not the American Way 
We need jobs &amp; we need them fast. I am a job creator. None of the pols can or will. Let's Make America Great Again! 
Matchless Name Recognition and Deep Pockets Make Trump a Threat in Iowa 
Our Southern border is totally out of control. This is an absolutely disgraceful. situation. We need border security!
Our Southern border is unsecure. I am the only one that can fix it, nobody else has the guts to even talk about it. 
My heartfelt condolences to the family of Kathryn Steinle. Very, very sad!
Where are the other candidates now that this tragic murder has taken place b/c of our unsafe border We need a wall!
what do you say to the family of Kathryn Steinle in CA who was viciously killed b/c we can't secure our border? Stand up for US
you never speak well of me &amp; yet when I saw you at Fox you ran over like a child and wanted a picture. Please share pic!
HAPPY 4TH OF JULY TO EVERYONE! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
What about the undocumented immigrant with a record who killed the beautiful young women (in front of her father) in San Fran. Get smart!
Why would Republican candidates want the support of Mitt Romney. He lost an election against Obama that should NEVER have been lost!
Miss Universe, Paulina Vega, criticized me for telling the truth about illegal immigration, but then said she would keep the crown-Hypocrite
Rick Perry failed at the border. Now he is critical of me. He needs a new pair of glasses to see the crimes committed by illegal immigrants.
I appreciate the GOP candidates who remain strong on border security. They know I am right. A nation without borders cannot survive.
Jeb Bush will never secure our border or negotiate great trade deals for American workers. Jeb doesn't see &amp; can't solve the problems.
It is time to create jobs for Americans, not D.C. We need a bold new direction. Lets Make America Great Again! 
Thank you, I will be trying very hard to prove you right - great show!
I said simply that the Mexican leaders and negotiators are smarter than ours and that the Mexican gov't is pushing their hard core to U.S.
Thx to all the people who called to say they are cutting their credit card as a protest against illegal immigrants pouring into US
People rarely say that many conservatives didnt vote for Mitt Romney. If I can get them to vote for me, we win in a landslide.
U were great last nite on FOX. Our country has become a dumping ground for the world--I'll get it to stop &amp; fast!
Wow! I hear that thousands of people are cutting up their credit card. That's great. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
RUBIOS GANG OF 8 BILL WOULD HAVE REWARDED SANCTUARY CITIES HARBORING ILLEGALS Marco is a politician-he flip flops!
See, Trump Told You So 
We must restore the entrepreneurial spirit of our country. A small business boom. Lets Make America Great Again! 
I will be in California this weekend making a speech for Clint Eastwood. Then to Arizona and Vegas. Big crowds. Discussing illegals &amp; more!
Thank you for your support this morning on Even more importantly, play well this week! Say hi to all.
Dear, I greatly appreciate your fairness. My history shows I never disappoint. Looking forward to meeting you soon.
Donald Trump Talks: Gun Control, Assault Weapons, Gun Free Zones &amp; Self Defense 
TRUMP UNLOADS: Hillary Clinton was 'the worst' and is 'extremely bad' 
Thank you --- As you know I have been saying this for a long time 
Pastor To Hispanic Congregation Speaks Out On Trump Immigrant Crime Statement 
Do you believe that highly overrated political pundit said this is the best Republican field in 35 years. What a dope!
You mean George Bush sends our soldiers into combat, they are severely wounded, and then he wants $120,000 to make a boring speech to them?
Dummy writer from failing magazine works so hard to make such trivial license deals look important
Dummy : Tiny fragrance deal with Parlux means nothing. Still sold at Trump Tower...
Why does a failed magazine like constantly seek out trivial nonsense? Their circulation way down. 
Thanks. 
True, thanks. 
The elites want Common Core so they can take education out of parental control. NO! Let's Make America Great Again! 
Obama and Republicans are hollowing out our military. Now want to cut troop levels. Lowest level in over 20 years.
Trump: RNC call was 'congratulatory'
I'm on tonight &amp; 10PM discussing immigration and lots of other things. #LetsMakeAmericaGreatAgain
BREAKING - Border security rally in Phoenix, AZ at 2PM MST has been moved to ! Build a wall! Let's Make America Great Again!
Jeb Bush just announced he raised over $100M. Everyone of those people who contributed are getting something to the detriment of America!
I want to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Polls show President Trump may not be so far-fetched 
Laura--Massive crowd, had to move to Phoenix Convention Center. 

Our biggest problems are solved by growth. We need a President who is a job creator. Lets Make America Great Again! 
A strong military will stop wars. Peace through Strength! Lets Make America Great Again! 
Donald Trump To Brody File in 2011: People Send Me Bibles 
The Republicans who want to cut SS &amp; Medicaid are wrong. A robust economy will Make America Great Again! 
Has anyone seen the financials of They are doing really badly. Too much debt and not enough viewers. Need money fast. Funny!
Today I will be rallying with with 15,000 patriots in Arizona for border security! Let's Make America Great Again! 
Today I am standing with patriots in Arizona for border security! Build a wall! Let's Make America Great Again! 
Legal immigrants want border security. It is common sense. We must build a wall! Let's Make America Great Again! 
I will not be able to attend the Miss USA pageant tomorrow night because I am campaigning in Phoenix. Wishing all well!
Convention Center officials in Phoenix don't want to admit that they broke the fire code by allowing 12-15,000 people in 4,000 code room.
Phoenix Convention Center officials did not want to have thousands of people standing outside in the heat, so they let them in. A GREAT day!
Mexico's biggest drug lord escapes from jail. Unbelievable corruption and USA is paying the price. I told you so!
Sleep eyes is killing Meet The Press. Isn't he pathetic? Love watching him fail!
...Trump, however, would kick his ass!
I hear that sleepy eyes will be fired like a dog from ratings starved Meet The Press? I can't imagine what is taking so long!
Now that the Mexican drug lord escaped from prison, everyone is saying that most of the cocaine etc. coming into the U.S. comes over border!
.....but that's what I've been saying. Very unfair treatment by the media!
El Chapo and the Mexican drug cartels use the border unimpeded like it was a vacuum cleaner, sucking drugs and death right into the U.S.
....likewise, billions of dollars gets brought into Mexico through the border. We get the killers, drugs &amp; crime, they get the money!
Isnt it interesting that now that Im #1 in the polls, the networks show polls that are a month old!
Greatly appreciate yr wonderful comments this weekend. People of great accomplishment should easily quality for prez.
The joke around town is that I freed El Chapo from the Mexican prison because the timing was so good w/ my statements on border security.
Have some fun with this- 
I absolutely support Kates Lawin honor of the beautiful Kate Steinle who was gunned down in SF by an illegal immigrant.
Very nice - has me in first place at 18% and Bush second at 14% 
I am so happy that people are boycotting Macy's 
Let Pete Rose into the Baseball Hall of Fame. It's time, he has paid a big and very long price!
Ford is MOVING jobs from Michigan to Mexico AGAIN! As President, this will stop on Day One! Jobs will stay here.
A nation without borders is no nation at all. We must build a wall. Lets Make America Great Again! 
I can't believe that President Obama isn't able or willing to make just one phone call to the family of Kate Steinle.Come on Pres-MAKE CALL!
Response to Hillary Clinton- 
Getting ready to land in Charlottesville, Virginia, at Trump Vineyards, another job producing development that I bought and made AMAZING!
We are no longer silent. We are energized &amp; ready to take our country back. Lets Make America Great Again! 
Trump Tops National Poll for Second Straight Week 
Thank you for yr wonderful tweet of July 4. I wanted a little time to go by before calling. Your sister &amp; family are amazing.
Why do people listen to clown on ? Spent $430M &amp; lost all racesa Bushy!
should not put onhe has no credibility, a bush plant who called all races wrong.
You were fabulous on CNN last night--I greatly appreciate your support. Best wishes.
Thank you Piers. 
I hear show on Broadway is terrible. Not surprised, boring guy (Penn). Without The Apprentice, show would have died long ago.
I loved firing goofball atheist Penn on The Apprentice. He never had a chance. Wrote letter to me begging for forgiveness.
Thank you, you were great. You can defend me anytime. Amazing job.
Great talking to you and your parentsfantastic people. Keep your sisters very important memory alivebig impact!
You shouldnt have on the airhes a clown with zero credibilitya Bushy!
Thank you. 
They are great people! 
Is this true about Univision and Fusion? Wow!?! 
30,000 MACYS CUSTOMERS RETALIATE IN SUPPORT OF DONALD TRUMP by 
Trump is Right: Illegal Alien Crime is Staggering in Scope and Savagery 
Trump Talks Politics at His Virginia Winery 
No deal is better than a bad deal. America out negotiated again. #Iran
The worst show in Las Vegas, in my opinion, is Hokey garbage. New York show even worse!
Leaving for New Hampshire now. Making a speechpacked house. Love it!
More Bush cronyism - Jeb Bush and the Common Core Money Trail Its the Bush way!
No government ever voluntarily reduces itself in size. So governments' programs, once launched, never disappear. - Ronald Reagan
failed on the border. He should be forced to take an IQ test before being allowed to enter the GOP debate.
Thoughts and prayers to the families of the four great Marines killed today.
Get rid of gun free zones. The four great marines who were just shot never had a chance. They were highly trained but helpless without guns.
I had thousands join me in New Hampshire last night! had 68. The #SilentMajority is fed up with what is going on in America!
Looking forward to speaking at the Reagan-Rockefeller Dinner tonight! Record crowd. We are no longer silent! #MAKEAMERICAGREATAGAIN!
MILITARY LIVES MATTER! END GUN FREE ZONES! OUR SOLDIERS MUST BE ABLE TO PROTECT THEMSELVES! THIS HAS TO STOP!
We will no longer be silent. We can take our country back! Lets Make America Great Again! 
Jeb said he was open topathway for citizenship for illegal immigrants Lying on campaign trail!
Donald Trump was proven right on another one of his top issues Thursday: 'gun free zones' at military bases. 
God's word is the same, yesterday and today and a million years from now. - 
Via - 
Response to Huffington Post- 
.,Amazing! Thank you.
The liberal clown told her minions at the money losing to cover me as enterainment. I am #1 in Huff Post Poll.
Made a speech in Arkansas last night before a record GOP crowd. Great spirit and amazing people. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Ratings starved and does not cover me accurately. Why can't they get it right - it's really not that hard!
The $10 billion (net worth) is AFTER all debt and liabilities. So simple to understand but &amp; is just plain dumb!
Statement on John McCain- 
Just left Family Leadership Summit in Iowa, got a standing ovation from many wonderful people. I will be back soon.
In addition to doing a lousy job in taking care of our Vets, John McCain let us down by losing to Barack Obama in his run for President!
Captured or not, all our soldiers are heroes!
....John McCain has failed miserably to fix the situation and to make it possible for Veterans to successfully manage their lives.
All he does is go on television is talk, talk, talk, but incapable of doing anything.
I will make this right for our great Vets!
It's a national embarrassment that an illegal immigrant can walk across the border and receive free health care and one of our Veterans.....
....that has served our country is put on a waiting list and gets no care.
I have a proven track record supporting our Veterans. Veterans deserve universal access to care. VA scandal proves politicians are inept.
Congrats to the new Gov. of Texas,, for taking a tough &amp; bold stance at the border. Should have been done long ago by Perry.
Why would anybody listen to ? He lost an election that should have easily been won against Obama. By the way,so did John McCain!
Donald Trump: John McCain Is A Loser 
One of the reasons I am no fan of John McCain is that our Vets are being treated so badly by him and the politicians. I will fix VA quickly.
Wow, just wrote the definitive piece on what I said about John McCain 
The Veterans Administration is in shambles and our veterans are suffering greatly. John McCain has done nothing to help them but talk.
A true piece about the standing ovations I got yesterday 
The Republican Party must get tougher and smarter, and fast, or it will go down to a very big defeat - just like the last two times!
I will be making some very big campaign stops next week - big crowds and tremendous energy! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN
The ever dwindling which is worth about 1/10 of what it was purchased for, is always hitting me politically. Who cares!
We will soon be at a point with our incompetent politicians where we will be treating illegal immigrants better than our veterans.
This story is no longer about John McCain, its about our horribly treated vets. Illegals are treated better than our wonderful veterans.
Look how small the pages have become Looks like a tabloidsaving money I assume!
I will be interviewed on tonight at 8:00. Will be talking about the poor treatment of our veterans, illegal immigration, etc.
Wow, new preference poll has DonaldTrump 11 points up! Thank you.
Good luck to my new friends on your testimony in DC. You are amazing people doing something so important--- stopping illegal immigration!
Rick Perry did an absolutely horrible job of securing the border. He should be ashamed of himself. Gov. Abbott has since been terrific.
Response to the Des Moines Register- 
I'm glad President Obama followed my lead and lowered the flags half-staff. It's about time!
My response to the failing Des Moines Register, the ultra liberal paper that has no power in Iowa 
Great day today in South Carolina. Fantastic capacity crowd, amazing people!
True, thanks. 
in my office last cycle playing nice and begging for my support and money. Hypocrite! 
I'm going to the BORDER tomorrow. Will be seeing some really brave people. Look forward to a big day!
Thank you for your commentary last night on Very fair -- we are making progress together!
DONALD TRUMP HEADING TO TEXAS BORDER 
Donald Trump on VA woes: Id fire everybody; you fix it by getting Trump elected by 
Will be interviewed by on tonight. Lets see if he treats me fairlyenjoy!
Shouldnt George Will have to give a disclaimer every time he is on Fox that his wife works for Scott Walker?
Lets Trump the Establishment! We are no longer silent. We will Make America Great Again! 
It's going to take an outsider to clean up after Clinton, Bush and Obama. Let's Make America Great Again! 
knows nothing about me or my religion. Came to my office looking for work. I had NO interest. I will save the vets!
you were terrific on tonight. I am going to the border tomorrow.
Has the absolutely worst anti-Trump talking heads on his show. Dopey writer O'brian knows nothing about me or my wealth. A waste!
Boycott, no guts, no glory. Besides, there are far better stores!
Getting ready to lift off for Laredo. Will land at 1:OO P.M. Should be exciting and informative!
True! 
Great! 
watched youon Made some excellent points. Best Wishes.
Youre just not getting there Sometimes things just dont work out, but dont worry--- no problem!
watched you on You were great and I appreciate the nice statements. Im sending out for your new book now!
When will anyone be held accountable for the VA scandal? The politicians are experts in never facing any consequence.
I love Bluffton, SC, what a great place -- what great people.
Arriving to check out the border. 
Be sure to get a copy of new book, American Hunter.
It is time to send someone from the outside to fix DC from the inside. Lets Make America Great Again! 
True, thanks. 
has written a great book, Plunder and Deceit. He powerfully analyzes issues that are crucial to us today. Read it!
Isnt it amazing that paid a massive fine for profiling African Americans--&amp; then criticized me for discussing illegal immigration!
Getting ready to go to Iowa today. Big crowd - will be a great day!
Big poll just out by has me in 1st. place by a lot. A great honor but we have a long way to go to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
The ultra liberal and seriously failing Des Moines Register is BEGGING my team for press credentials to my event in Iowa today-but they lie!
Isn't it funny that I am now #1 in the money losing (poll), and by a big margin. Dummy must be thrilled!
despite your coming to my office to give me an award, your very dumb fundraiser hit me very hard--- not smart!
Supporters waiting to hear me speak in Oskaloosa, Iowa. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Packed venue of people who want to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Great success in Iowa today. Fantastic sold out crowd. Will be back soon!
Always great to speak with Veterans - our nation's heroes. We will Make America Great Again! 
is a nice guy, but not presidential material. Wisconsin is in turmoil, borrowing to the hilt, and doing poorly in jobs etc.
Thank you, Wayne Root -- we will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
Thank you, Greta. 
When people find out how bad a job Scott Walker has done in WI, they wont be voting for him. Massive deficit, bad jobs forecast, a mess.
While I think you should have gone to prison for what you did, I guess Obama saved you. But watch - I will win!
Iowans Drawn to Donald Trump Praise His Antiestablishment Bent by &amp; 
We must build a wall to secure our border. It will save lives and help Make America Great Again! 
who couldn't get elected dog catcher in NH forgot to mention my phenomenal biz success rate: 99.2% 
I own Turnberry, in Scotland, one of great resorts in world. Womens British Open there this week. Ill go for two days &amp; back on trail.
Be in Turnberry on Thurs AM for start of Women's British Open, one of world's great golf tournaments. Back soon to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
Boston's Mayor Walsh wasted a lot of time and money on going for the Olympics, and then he gave up. I don't want him negotiating for me!
Will be interviewed tonight on at 10:00. There is so much to talk about!
Thank you for the great job you did on Great energy and smarts! I will not let you down.
was fantastic tonight on Thank you, we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
After all is said and done, more is said than done. -- Aesop
Thank you for your nice words. I am rapidly becoming a fan! 
We must protect our veterans. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
My int. with on Obama being all talk &amp; no action &amp; making America Great Again! 
Trump has twice the support of Bush in New Hampshire 
Trump Explains His Appeal: 'People Are Tired...Of These Incompetent Politicians' 
PLUNDER AND DECEIT by 
Trump Doubled Down -- and It Worked 
Obamas nuclear deal with the Iranians will lead to a nuclear arms race in the Middle East. It has to be stopped.
We can make Washington work for us. Its time for real leadership. Lets #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! 
While Im beating my opponents in the polls, Im also beating lobbyists, special interests &amp; donors that are supporting them with billions.
Public Policy Polling (PPP) has just come out with a major poll putting me #1 with Hispanics - leading all Republican candidates.Told you so
Lawyer Elizabeth Beck was easy for me to beat. Ask her clients if they are happy with her results against me. Got total win and legal fees.
.CNN &amp; Lawyer Elizabeth Beck did a terrible job against me, she lost (I even got legal fees). I loved beating her,she was easy
Why is somebody (Beck) I beat so soundly all of a sudden an expert on Donald Trump (all over television). She knows nothing about me.
So many people who know nothing about me are commenting all over T.V. and the media as though they have great D.J.T. insight. Know NOTHING!
Thank you for throwing the pathetic reporter from the failing and money losing Daily Beast off the air. Really cool!
I truly LOVE all of the millions of people who are sticking with me despite so many media lies. There is a great SILENT MAJORITY looming!
This is an outrage! Bias-Free Language Guide claims the word 'American' is 'problematic' -- WHAT?! 
Shock poll: Donald Trump leads Jeb Bush 26-20%  in Florida 
Per : Why does Hillary Clinton get the benefit of the doubt (after she DESTROYS her illegal email server)...
How can a dummy dope like Harry Hurt, who wrote a failed book about me but doesnt know me or anything about me, be on TV discussing Trump?
People like lawyer Elizabeth Beck and failed writer Harry Hurt &amp; others talk about me but know nothing about mecrazy!
Thank you. 
Getting ready to leave for my GREAT resort, Turnberry, in Scotland. Hosting The Women's British Open (biggest tournament). Will be back Sat.
Carl Cameron is the only reporter I know who consistently fumbles &amp; misrepresents poll results. He has been so wrong &amp; he hates it!
Just at a news conference from Trump Turnberry in Scotland. Everybody was there &amp; will be all over television tonite. Back on trail Saturday
The polls have been consistently great. The silent majority is speaking. Politicians are failing. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
Thank you. 
Should not raise taxes in Wisconsin, but massive budget deficit. Education, roads, etc suffering. lies. 
Will be leaving Trump Turnberry tomorrow--place &amp; Women's British Open are great. Will be back hitting hard tomorrow. 
Wow, some new and even greater polls--thank you!
If you think you can do a thing or think you can't do a thing, you're right. -- Henry Ford
Watch my interview with on today at 11:30AM ET
I will be interviewed on tomorrow morning at 7:00. Enjoy!
Wow, did the fall into the Bush trap where his people convinced them how happy he was that I was hurting other candidates &amp; not him
Despite the false story about Jeb Bush being happy with the Trump surge, he fell more than anybody &amp; is miserable.
Thanks Judy for the wonderful statements on Great seeing you there &amp; you did a fabulous job on commentary.
It came out that Huma Abedin knows all about Hillarys private illegal emails. Humas PR husband, Anthony Weiner, will tell the world.
New Poll Shows Donald Trump Blowing Everyone Else Out of the Water. 
We cannot solve our problems with the same thinking we used when we created them. -- Albert Einstein
My #GOPDebate question for the other candidates- 
Thank you for your nice comments on A lot of progress is being made!
Will be interviewed on at 7:3O. Enjoy!
Diligence is the mother of good luck. -- Benjamin Franklin
Thank you ! Call me on my cellphone 917.756.8000 and listen to my campaign message.
I will be on tonight on at 8 PM and 11 PM.
Many of Hillarys donors are the same donors as Jeb Bushsall rich, will have total controlknow them well.
Do you notice that Hillary spews out Jeb's name as often as possible in order to give him status? She knows Trump is her worst nightmare.
Poll: Trump Leads GOP Field Among Hispanics, Records 34% Favorability 
Just arrived for the #GOPdebate #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Wow! What a great honor from 
Thank you readers- a great honor! 
Wow! What a great honor from 
is a low class slob who came to my office looking for consulting work and I had zero interest. Now he picks anti-Trump panels!
I won every poll of the debate tonight by massive margins &amp; so where did you find that dumb panel.
Wow, really bombed tonight. People are going wild on twitter! Funny to watch.
I really enjoyed the debate tonight even though the trio, especially, was not very good or professional!
poll: winner of last night's debate by wide margin.. 45% v.12%, 10% 
you should be ashamed of yourself. I got you the highest debate ratings in your history &amp; you say nothing but bad...
....Dopey should be fired. 
The hatred that clown has for me is unbelievable - causes him to lie when many others say Trump easily won debate.
Wow, CNN just said that Donald Trump won the DEBATE, connected best with audience. Also, Time, Drudge, Newsmax, N.Y.Times and more!
Small crowds at today in Atlanta. People were very angry at EWErickson, a major sleaze and buffoon who has saved me time and money
I just realized that if you listen to Carly Fiorina for more than ten minutes straight, you develop a massive headache. She has zero chance!
It amazes me that other networks seem to treat me so much better than I brought them the biggest ratings in history, &amp; I get zip!
Wonderful Frank Gifford has just passed away at age 84. He was my friend and a truly great guy! Warmest condolences to family.
I will be interviewed on Show at 7:00 A.M. and on Morning Joe at 7:20.
., Melania and I send our deepest condolences. Frank was a special and amazing person. He will be missed by all!
Oh really, check out innocent discussion on show 5 years ago--I am the innocent (pure) one!
Enough is Enough- no more Bushes! 
Frank was a great guy married to an absolutely wonderful woman What a couple! 
You were fantastic on television this weekend. Thank you so much - you are a loyal friend!
I was pleased to see the wonderful statements you made about me to the media.I'm not surprised, you're a special person
Thank you so much for the wonderful statements you made about me on TV. Also, keep up the great work!
We must stop the crime and killing machine that is illegal immigration. Rampant problems will only get worse. Take back our country!
Why is allowed to take advantage of the people of Kentucky by running for Senator and Pres. Why should Kentucky be back up plan?
you can do much better than you did tonight on Better luck tomorrow!
had a very good debate, far better than Rand Paul.
Our online store is officially open! Visit to shop the latest #MakeAmericaGreatAgain merchandise.
Will be interviewed by tonight for the full hour. Hope you enjoy it and, more importantly, hope you agree!
The #IranDeal is a catastrophe that must be stopped. Will lead to at least partial world destruction &amp; make Iran a force like never before.
My official #MakeAmericaGreatAgain hat is now available online. To shop please visit --- it is selling fast!
Our online campaign store is officially open! Visit to shop the latest #MakeAmericaGreatAgain merchandise.
Not under my watch- 
Our campaign store is officially open! Visit to shop the latest #MakeAmericaGreatAgain merchandise.
People dont understand that I left The Apprentice to run for Presthe Apprentice DID NOT leave me. Bob Greenblatt &amp; folks were GREAT!
and should change their fraudulent story to say THAT I DROPPED &amp; The Apprentice to run for President!
Making speech tonight in New Hampshire - leaving now. Fantastic people, fantastic crowd!
In the plane heading to Iowa State Fair. Will be great fun. Hopefully giving helicopter rides to some of the kids.
Just got back from the Iowa State Fair. Record crowds, phenomenal people. Thank you IOWA, I will never let you down!
Your father is a brilliant man with wonderful sense -- therefore, you must be good!
I really enjoyed being at the Iowa State Fair. The crowds, love and enthusiasm is something I will never forget.
The polls have been really amazing--we are all tired of incompetent politicians and bad deals! 
Why does keep George Will as a talking head? Wrong on so many subjects!
It does matter! 
I want talented people to come into this countryto work hard and to become citizens. Silicon Valley needs engineers, etc.
When foreigners attend our great colleges &amp; want to stay in the U.S., they should not be thrown out of our country.
Our online campaign store is open! Visit for #MakeAmericaGreatAgain merchandise including my signature hat!
I am very proud of my sister, your story was terrific. Thank you so much.
If I am elected President I will immediately approve the Keystone XL pipeline. No impact on environment &amp; lots of jobs for U.S.
My H-1B reform plan will transform program so it delivers for country, not lobbyists, &amp; will have bipartisan support: 
I am looking forward to being in New Hampshire tomorrow. The silent majority is taking our country back. We will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
- Thank you and great job on tonight!
My official #MakeAmericaGreatAgain hat is now available online. To shop please visit -- it is selling fast!
Will be in New Hampshire and then on Special at 9 PM tonight.
Just got back from New Hampshire. Amazing people, we all had a great time together!
Another great poll result! Thank you! 
Thank you New Hampshire! Together we will Make America Great Again! 
On the cover of Magazinea great honor! 
Had a special visitor in my office yesterday for photo shoot. 
Behind the scenes video with Uncle Sam (eagles name) and me.
cannot report the news truthfully. Why not apologize for your fraudulent story on World News Tonight.Gang members &amp; criminals
We are going to make our country so strong again, so great again. No more ripping off the United States. We will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Alabama will shine tomorrow. It will be a big and glorious day!
How crazy - 7.5% of all births in U.S. are to illegal immigrants, over 300,000 babies per year. This must stop. Unaffordable and not right!
We are going to have a wild time in Alabama tonight! Finally, the silent majority is back! 
Great! 
Boston incident is terrible. We need energy and passion, but we must treat each other with respect. I would never condone violence.
Dow dives more than 500 points - down 9% from high. Be careful!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #TrumpRallyAL 
., You did a great job hosting Everybody loved it! Thank you for the nice words.
Alabama was great last night, amazing people. 30,000 folks was largest crowd of political season. Nice!
covers me more inaccurately than any other media source, and that is saying something. They go out of their way to distort truth!
How is Bernie Sanders going to defend our country if he can't even defend his own microphone? Very sad!
Now that I started my war on illegal immigration and securing the border, most other candidates are finally speaking up. Just politicians!
Jeb Bush is weak on illegal immigration, in favor of common core, bad on women's health issues and thinks the Iraq war was a good thing.
Jeb Bush has a photoshopped photo for an ad which gives him a black left hand and much different looking body. Jeb just can't get it right!
New Reuters Poll just came out and has me at 32%, highest number yet.The silent majority is back and we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
As I have long stated, we are so tied in with China and Asia that their markets are now taking the U.S. market down. Get smart U.S.A.
Markets are crashing - all caused by poor planning and allowing China and Asia to dictate the agenda. This could get very messy! Vote Trump.
Depression- be careful of China! 
Even Barbara Bush agrees with me- 
Thank you Greta. 
Jeb Bush Got $1.3M Job at Lehman After Florida Shifted Pension Cash To Bank. 
must have had a terrible vacation, she is really off her game. Was afraid to confront Dr. Cornel West. No clue on immigration!
I liked The Kelly File much better without Perhaps she could take another eleven day unscheduled vacation!
Jeb Bush never uses his last name on advertising, signage, materials etc. Is he ashamed of the name BUSH? A pretty sad situation. Go Jeb!
Asians are very offended that JEB said that anchor babies applies to them as a way to be more politically correct to hispanics. A mess!
did a terrible job as Governor of New York. If he ran again, he would have lost in a landslide. He and Graham ZERO in polls
Another good poll result in the great state of SC. Trump at 30%. Carson at 15% and Bush at 9%. 
Thanks. 
True, thanks. 
Just got back from Iowa. Fantastic evening with truly fabulous people. Will be back again soon. Thanks!
Will be interviewed on the this morning at 7:00. Talking about politics, polls and whatever. Enjoy!
Thank you Christian Broadcasting Network 
Thanks for the nice words. You are fantastic!
You were absolutely great on ! Thank you.
Great job on tonight We are all proud of you! Also, congrats on a great son - he is going places.
just watched you on Thank you for your nice comments.
Will be interviewed on at 7:00 A.M. So much to talk about!
Great job tonight on Tony. I am with you all the way! Make America Great Again 
Trump now leads in odds to win GOP nomination 
A phony story that I am trying to buy a soccer team in Argentina is untrue. Never even heard of the teamno interest! 
Thank you 
Will be interviewed by tonight at 10:00 on OAN Network. Enjoy!
Great rally last night in Massachusetts. 2000 people at a house - must be a record! Unbelievable spirit to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN.
Leaving now for Tennessee. Big crowd!
Wow, Jeb Bush just lost three of his top fundraisers - they quit!
Loved being with my many friends in Tennessee. The crowd and enthusiasm was fantastic. I won the straw poll big!
Leading in the Bloomberg Iowa poll. Also, my favorability numbers went up at a record, almost unheard of, clip. Thank you Iowa!
For those that dont think a wall (fence) works, why dont they suggest taking down the fence around the White House? Foolish people!
See, I told you so 
Very proud of Trump Int'l Golf Links in Aberdeen, Scotland. Just got the five star award from 
President Obama wants to change the name of Mt. McKinley to Denali after more than 100 years. Great insult to Ohio. I will change back!
150 Clinton E-mails still contain classified information. More sensitive when she was Sec.of State. This is a very big deal.
Just out - new PPP NATIONAL POLL has me in first place by a wide margin at 29%. I wonder why only has not reported this? Too bad!
The just released Public Policy Polling (PPP - national result) is the best yet. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Yet another weak hit by a candidate with a failing campaign. Will Jeb sink as low in the polls as the others who have gone after me?
Jeb is spending millions of dollars on hit ads funded by lobbyists &amp; special interests. Bad system.
While millions are being spent against me in attack ads, they are paid for by the bosses and owners of candidates. I am self funding.
Congrats everyone--we topped 4 million today on Twitter--and heading up fast!
No more Clintons or Bushes! 
Many Super Pacs, funded by groups that want total control over their candidate, are being formed to attack Trump. Remember when u see them
Im turning down millions of dollars of campaign contributionsfeel totally stupid doing so, but hope it is appreciated by the voters.
Why does and always have Karl Rove on. He spent $430 million and lost ALL races. A dope who said Romney won election
Every Poll has me winning BIG.If you listen to dopey Karl Rove, a Trump hater, on, you would think I'm doing poorly. 
The president of the pathetic Club For Growth came to my office in N.Y.C. and asked for a ridiculous $1,000,000 contribution. I said no way!
When I intelligently turned down The Club For Growth crazy request for $1,000,000, they got nasty.What a waste of money that would have been
Will be interviewed on this morning at 7:00. Thanks for the GREAT poll results!
Great job on this morning. You tell it like it is! Also, thx for the nice mention. Your book sounds great!
2016 GOP Nomination Polls have me as #1 as seen on with 
Tracking 149 polls from 29 pollsters nationwide/HuffPost Pollster #GOP 
., I am in first place by a lot in all polls, tied for first place with Ben Carson in one Iowa poll. I thought you knew this-thanks
The deal with Iran will go down as one of the most incompetent ever made. The U.S. lost on virtually every point. We just don't win anymore!
The Pledge #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Will be on in 5 minutes - at 7:00. Enjoy!
Ill be in Dallas at the American Airlines Center on Sept 14th at 6 PM. Will be great to be back in Texas. 
So nice, thank you Laura. 
was terrible on yesterday. Angry and obnoxious, she will never make it on T.V. can do so much better!
The Dallas event in two weeks, at the American Airlines Center, is filling up fast. Get your tickets fast, before it is too late!
Hillary Clinton made a speech today using the biggest teleprompter I have ever seen. In fact, it wasn't even see through glass, it was black
Remember that I am self-funding my campaign. Hillary, Jeb and the rest are spending special interest and lobbyist money.100% CONTROLLED
By self-funding my campaign, I am not controlled by my donors, special interests or lobbyists. I am only working for the people of the U.S.!
The hedge fund guys (gals) have to pay higher taxes ASAP. They are paying practically nothing. We must reduce taxes for the middle class!
The phony Club For Growth, which asked me in writing for $1,000,000 (I said no), is now wanting to do negative ads on me. Total hypocrites!
Our country needs a president with great leadership skills and vision, not someone like Hillary or Barack, neither of which has a clue!
The Dallas event on September 14 at 6:00 P.M. at the American Airlines Center looks like it will be a giant success. Tickets are going FAST!
I will be in Washington D.C. on Wednesday,1 P.M.,in front of the Capitol, to protest the horrible and incompetent deal being made with Iran.
should release the letter they sent me asking for $1,000,000. When I said no, they came out against me. A scam operation?
Remember, I'll see you in D.C. at the Capitol Building on Wednesday at 1:00 o'clock. Then Dallas on Sept.14 at 6:00 P.M. American Air Center
Both Washington D.C. and DALLAS are turning out to be really big events. D.C. is protest of incompetent Iran deal and Dallas is big speech!
Looking forward to being with at our big rally in D.C. on Wednesday (1:00 P.M. at the Capitol) to protest insane Iran nuke deal!
Look forward to being in DC tomorrowbig crowd expected for our protest against the truly stupid nuclear deal we are making with Iran.
Wow! Such nice words from Robert Redford on my running for President. Thank you, Robert. 
Wake up Jeb supporters! 
Im self funding my campaign but lobbyists &amp; special interests for Jeb &amp; others are starting to do big adsdesperate! Dont believe them.
I'm on Bill tonight at 8 PM. It will be another lively interview about how to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
Will be on Bill O'Reilly tonight at 8 PM. Enjoy!
See you in D.C. tomorrow at 1:00 P.M. at the Capitol to protest the horribly negotiated deal with Iran. Really sad!
A letter to President Jeff Zucker- 
I had a great day in D.C. even though the subject was an unpleasant one, the horrible Iran Nuke deal. Amazing crowd and enthusiasm!
I'll be on ON THE RECORD tonight at 7 PM
Bobby Jindal did not make the debate stage and therefore I have never met him.
.... I only respond to people that register more than 1% in the polls. I never thought he had a chance and Ive been proven right.
I will be on The Tonight Show with Jimmy Fallon tonight at 11:30. Should be fun! 
Very good newsthe new Quinnipiac poll just came outI am #1 in Iowa.
Oh wow, lightweight Governor, who is registered at less than 1 percent in the polls, just mocked my hair. So original!
Just purchased NBCs half of The Miss Universe Organization and settled all lawsuits against them. Now own 100% -- stay tuned!
On with at 11:30 PM. Enjoy!
is a terrific guy and I wish him well- I know he will have a great future!
The Tonight Show will be amazing - 11:30 P.M. ENJOY!
Backstage with before opening skit- great fun! 
Will be on at 8:00. Enjoy!
thank you so much for your kind words on television -- fantastic job and greatly appreciated!
Trumps Campaign Hat Becomes an Ironic Summer Accessory - The New York Times. 
Donald Trump Sends to Highest Friday Rating in 18 Months., that is #HUGE!
Lightweight Senator should focus on trying to get elected in Kentucky--- a great state which is embarrassed by him.
I truly understood the appeal of Ron Paul, but his son,, didn't get the right gene.
Too many people on stage for debate. at 11th, with 2% in, shouldn't be allowed to participate.
I am having a great time in Iowa at Jack Trice Stadium! Unbelievable people.
Why is someone like George Pataki, who did a terrible job as Governor of N.Y. and registers ZERO in the polls, allowed on the debate stage?
My honor, thank you. 
Congrats to my friend who is doing next seasons Celebrity Apprentice. He'll be great &amp; will raise lots of $ for charity.
To all my fans, sorry I couldnt do The Apprentice any longerbut equal time (presidential run) prohibits me from doing so. Love!
Thanks Mark, will be fun. 
My opponents big bosses--lobbyists and donors--are trying to do damage. They will fail! Money down the drain!
The event with me and in L.A on 9/15 is turning out to be huge. Get your tickets before they're gone 
Vets mistreated, NO border security? Im with this Tuesday 9/15 to #MakeAmericasMilitaryGreatAgain! Join us! 
Unbelievable crowd in Dallas! 
Speech in Dallas went really well. Big and wonderful crowd. Just arrived in L.A. Big day tomorrow!
I will rebuild the military, take care of vets and make the world respect the US again! Join me today. Info: 
Loved Dallas and the tremendous crowd last night. Will be back!
Our vets are treated like 3rd class citizens. Enough! Join me &amp; on at LA Waterfront to hear my plan for vets &amp; the military!
Am now in L.A. Will be going to the U.S.S. IOWA at 5:30 P.M. to speak to our great VETERANS and other friends!
My plan will lower taxes for our country, not raise them. Phony says I will raise taxesjust another lie.
asked me for $1 million. I said no. Now falsely advertising that I will raise taxes. Ill lower big league for middle class.
The polls are really looking good #1 everywhere despite all lobbyist &amp; special interest $ being spent against me. Im turning down millions.
Rush, I am in LA inspecting property (big job creator) &amp; listening to you. You are truly fantastic--thanks!
Just finished the wonderful event on the U.S.S. Iowa. VETERANS FOR A STRONG AMERICA endorsed me. Such a great honor, thank you!
I hope Arnold S. does well with the Apprentice because he is a nice guy and also, because I get a big percentage of the profits!
A great honor from somebody that knows how to win! 
Thank you to Tom Brady, Coach Ditka, Coach Bobby Knight and all of the many champions that have been so supportive!
#CNNDebate Winning the poll- 
The #CNNDebate was amazing --- so much fun! 
#CNNDebate 
Just announced that in the history of, last nights debate was its highest rated ever. Will they send me flowers &amp; a thank you note?
Every poll done on debate last night, from Drudge to Newsmax to Time Magazine, had me winning in a landslide. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
Going to New Hampshire in a little while. Big crowds! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
Will be interviewed tonight by on at 10 PM. Enjoy!
Would be really bad if columnist Mike Lupica left the A wonderful and talented guy!
GIVE AMERICA BACK ITS DREAM! -- Donald J. Trump
Thank you. 
Ive just released my position papers on The Second Amendment. 
Looking forward to meeting the students of Urbandale High School tomorrow- 
Am I morally obligated to defend the president every time somebody says something bad or controversial about him? I don't think so!
This is the first time in my life that I have caused controversy by NOT saying something.
If someone made a nasty or controversial statement about me to the president, do you really think he would come to my rescue? No chance!
If I would have challenged the man, the media would have accused me of interfering with that man's right of free speech. A no win situation!
Christians need support in our country (and around the world), their religious liberty is at stake! Obama has been horrible, I will be great
On my way to Iowa. Will be landing in Des Moines in two hours. See ya!
A great night in Iowa! 
Thank you Faith and Freedom Forum &amp; I had a great time in Iowa today! 
There is no way that Carly Fiorina can become the Republican Nominee or win against the Dems. Boxer killed her for Senate in California!
I have been leading big in all polls, with two more today, and The NBC poll is more than double next, at 29%. Fiorina has 11%.
We are going to WIN and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN, maybe better than ever before!
Will be on now. Enjoy!
The refused to use their just in poll numbers where I have a massive lead but instead used numbers where my lead is smaller.
New Zogby poll highly respected but the media wont report it because it gives me an even bigger lead! 
Carly Fiorina is terrible at business--the last thing our country needs! 
Jeb has been confused for forty years- 
Has the media picked up the new Zogby poll that was just put out? I doubt it! 
#asktrump 
#asktrump 
#asktrump 
#asktrump 
#asktrump 
#asktrump 
#asktrump 
#asktrump 
#asktrump 
#asktrump 
I just wrapped up a Q&amp;A Thanks for all your questions! #AskTrump 
I had a great time at #AskTrump 
#AskTrump 
Thank you Dan--I agree! Best wishes. 
I will be interviewed tonight at 7pm ET by #OnTheRecord
Via HuffPost Pollster #1 
is truly one of the dumbest of the talking heads - he doesn't have a clue!
2016 Republican Primary Morning Consult Poll was just released. TRUMP 32, CARSON 12, BUSH 11, FIORINA 6, RUBIO 5, CRUZ 5. Taken after debate
Yom Kippur blessings to all of my friends in Israel and around the world. #YomKippur
I will be on the tonight at 11:30 
Do you ever notice that lightweight constantly goes after me but when I hit back it is totally sexist. She is highly overrated!
Just remember, the birther movement was started by Hillary Clinton in 2008. She was all in!
I will be the featured guest on the season opener of this Sunday. There certainly is plenty to talk about!
I will be doing at 11:30 on CBS. Enjoy! 
Congratulations on your great win--what a captain, what a champion!
Yogi Berra was not only a great baseball player, he was a great guy. Yogi will be missed. 
Wow! What a great night. Thank you to all of the viewers and congratulations to 
Incompetent lost it tonight on He should not be allowed on TV and the FCC should fine him!
owes me an apology for allowing clueless pundit to use such foul language on TV. Unheard of!
Will be on at 7:00 A.M.
New Bloomberg Poll: Trump Leads Big 
Despite the establishment and the medias best efforts, the people are speaking loudly and clearly. Thank you to my amazing supporters!
., the poll said very plainly I came in second in the debate. All others, Time, Drudge, Slate etc. said I came in 1st.
Great reception in D.C. At the Values Voter Summit. Now checking on my job at the Old Post Office...
.....Ahead of schedule and under budget! Will be in Oklahoma tonight!
I am now inspecting the Old Post Office on Pennsylvania Avenue - will be a great hotel. Soon off to the Oklahoma State Fair!
At the Old Post Office- 
Dishonest just called to say that none of the polls including Fox, NBC, CNN, Zogby, &amp; Morning Consult matter. Serious haters.
is weak on illegal immigration and will allow anyone into the country.....
.....Has worst attendance record in Senate- rarely there to vote on a bill! 
I will be on this Sunday. A great honor-- hope you enjoy it.
Thank you 
Just left Oklahoma--- the most amazing crowd and people! What a night!
An updated POLL tracker (with all polls thru the weekend) reveals I maintained a double digit lead at 
Lightweight Senator Marco Rubio is VERY weak on immigration, knows nothing about finance and would be incapable of making great trade deals!
Marco Rubio is a member of the Gang Of Eight or, very weak on stopping illegal immigration. Only changed when poll numbers crashed.
Looking forward to press conference on taxes at 11AM at 
LIVE on #Periscope: Tax Plan Press Conference 
I know you will enjoy reading my tax plan- #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Will be doing with tonight at 7 pm re: tax reductions and various other topics.
Conservative? Jeb Bush doubled Florida State debt!
Wow, the ratings for last night were their biggest in a year--- very nice!
Prediction: Rand Paul has been driven out of the race by my statements about him-- he will announce soon. 1%!
I hope when Rand Paul gets out of the racehe is at 1%--his supporters come over to me. I will do a much better job for them.
Definitely watch s Danger Ahead. Very insightful, particularly on how corp inversions hurt America: 
Great! 
I watched lightweight Senator Marco Rubio, who is all talk and no action, defend his WEAK position on illegal immigration. Pathetic!
Highly respected economist is a big fan of my tax planthank you Larry. 
Anyone reading this profile of Marco Rubio would never vote for him. Never made ten cents &amp; is totally controlled!
Great news! Just out--the highly respected USA Today/Suffolk University Poll. Enjoy! 
Wow, so nice! Thank you Wayne Allyn Root. 
Interesting, polls on who won the GOP debate. 
Just got back from New Hampshire. Great crowd, great people! Will be back soon!
Thanks. 
is trying to hit back at me because I'm saying that he let the Repub Party down w/ his loss to Obama. Should've wonhe choked!
My warmest condolences to the families of the horrible Roseburg, Oregon, shootings.
I was so looking forward to being in Virginia Beach, Virginia, today. The demand for tickets was amazing. Good luck with storm, back soon!
Will be in Nashville, Tennessee, tomorrow (Saturday) at 2:30 P.M. So much to talk about - see you there!
Congratulations to my brother Robert &amp; Ann Marie on the success of in Dutchess County, New York (Amenia.) Great food!
Pictures of my beautiful mother, amazing father, and family hanging in upstate, New York. 
Thank you for the nice things you said about Melania. You will like her, great heart and smart - always wanting to help people!
Tune in to see me on with at 10am ET. Enjoy!
The people of Tennessee yesterday were amazing. Thank you!
I'm leading by big margins in every poll but the press keeps asking, would you ever get out? They are just troublemakers, I'm going to win!
For all of my fantastic supporters, and for the U.S.A., we are going to win and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN, maybe greater than ever before!
The incompetence of our current administration is beyond comprehension. TPP is a terrible deal.
Political strategist Stuart Stevens,who led Romney down the tubes in what should have been an easy victory,has terrible political instincts!
Don't ever forget, we will, together, MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Wayne, such a pleasant surprise--so nice. Thank you very much.
Crooked has given up advertising in Iowa on meremember they wanted my million dollarsI said nototal frauds!
I will be on with tonight at 6PM. 
True! 
Ben Carson was speaking in general terms as to what he would do if confronted with a gunman, and was not criticizing the victims. Not fair!
If Stuart Stevens' book is as bad as his horrible political advice to Mitt Romney, don't waste your money. Arrogant guy but a zero!
Heading to a packed house in Waterloo, Iowa! Will celebrate today's great poll numbers together. See you soon!
has no power, but so dishonest!
Just found out I won the Rockingham County Republican Booth Straw Poll at the Deerfield Fair in New Hampshire this past weekend. 39% ---Wow!
Iowa was amazing today. Great crowd, great people. Thanks, will be back soon!
Just arrived in Las Vegas for a packed house speech tomorrow. Big poll results today, Leading big everywhere. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Wacky who always seems to be crying (worse than Boehner) speaks badly of me only because I refuse to do his show--a real nut job!
I hear is in big trouble. Unlike me, his viewers &amp; ratings are way down &amp; he has become irrelevantglad I didnt do his show.
I'm at Trump Int'l Hotel in Las Vegas, tallest/most beautiful building in town. Speaking to another great crowd at Treasure Island (12 noon)
Great, Kevin McCarthy drops out of SPEAKER race. We need a really smart and really tough person to take over this very important job!
Washington (D.C.) is such a mess - nothing works! I will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! It's not going to happen with anyone else.
'The goal is to be the winner': Donald Trump's campaign is for real. The Guardian 
Thanks. 
Just leaving Las Vegas. Unbelievable crowd! Many Hispanics who love me and I love them! 
A great event in Las Vegas, Nevada! 
ran into the ground. A change was necessary. Congratulations to and good luck in the future!
I was so happy when I heard that, one of the most dishonest political outlets, is losing a fortune. Pure scum!
Will be interviewed on at 7:20. Great crowd in Las Vegas yesterday!
Good luck! Enjoy. 
Thanks Larry. Best wishes. 
I will be interviewed on Sunday 10AM on CBS. is a true pro!
I will be going to Atlanta, Georgia tomorrowheres the info: Hope to see you there! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
True. Thanks. 
Crowd gathers to hear Trump speech in Las Vegas 
New Gravis Poll in NH just out: Trump 32%, Carson 13% 
Mark--They could use you. 
Great Gravis Poll on the great state of NH. Also, watch on CBS &amp; #mediabuzz -- both on Sunday.
Heading for Atlanta tomorrow morning for noon speech at North Atlanta Trade Center. Big crowds, great people!
I'm leading big in every poll and we are going to WIN! Remember, Trump NEVER gives up!
just informed us that my interview last week on was their highest rated show in 4 years. Congrats!
Thank you Georgia! I had a great afternoon with all of you! I will be back soon. #MakeAmerciaGreatAgain 
with had fantastic numbers last Sunday --- Trump interview. Nice!
My interview with on #MediaBuzz will air tomorrow on at 11am and 5pm. Great job Howie, very insightful.
Will be interviewed on with tomorrow at 10:30am EST. Enjoy!
Just got back from Georgia. The crowds and love for U.S. was so amazing! We all had a great day together - will be back soon!
I will be on Face The Nation (CBS) today at 10:30 A.M. and Media Buzz (Fox News) at 11:00 A.M. Enjoy!
President Obama was terrible on tonight. He said CLIMATE CHANGE is the most important thing, not all of the current disasters!
Great, everyone is saying I did much better on last week than President Obama did tonight. I agree!
Via RealClear Politics 
Will be interviewed by on at 10PM tonight. Enjoy!
At the request of many, and even though I expect it to be a very boring two hours, I will be covering the Democrat Debate live on twitter!
Someone should inform that, despite spending millions of $'s on graphics, it is not the Democratic Debate, rather the Democrat (s) D!
Sheldon Adelson is looking to give big dollars to Rubio because he feels he can mold him into his perfect little puppet. I agree!
The arrogant young woman who questioned me in such a nasty fashion at No Labels yesterday was a Jeb staffer! HOW CAN HE BEAT RUSSIA &amp; CHINA?
Everybody's talking about my doing twitter during the likely very boring debate tonight. #DemDebate
How can Jeb Bush expect to deal with China, Russia + Iran if he gets caught doing a plant during my speech yesterday in NH?
It was just announced that I will be hosting Saturday Night Live on Nov. 7th -- look forward to it! 
Live from New York- November 7th! 
We will all have fun and hopefully learn something tonight. I will shoot straight and call it as I see it, both the good and the bad. Enjoy!
Putin is not feeling too nervous or scared. #DemDebate
Get rid of all of these commercials. #DemDebate
Can anyone imagine Chafee as president? No way.
O'Malley, as former Mayor of Baltimore, has very little chance.
Who is winning the debate so far (just last name)? #DemDebate
The hardest thing Clinton has to do is defend her bad decision making including Iraq vote, e-mails etc.
Good move by Bernie S.
Notice that illegal immigrants will be given ObamaCare and free college tuition but nothing has been mentioned about our VETERANS #DemDebate
The latest book on HillaryWow, a really tough one! 
Like her or not, Hillary did what she had to do in the debate last nightget through it. Her opponents were very gentle and soft!
The debate last night proved that Hillary is running against the B team. She wont be so lucky when it comes to me!
Will be going to Richmond, Virginia today. Big crowd! See you there.
Even though I have the legal right to use Steven Tylers song, he asked me not to. Have better one to take its place!
Steven Tyler got more publicity on his song request than hes gotten in ten years. Good for him!
CNN/ORC Poll results just out for NevadaWOW! Trump 38, Carson 22, Fiorina 8, Bush 6, Cruz 4 
did an excellent job of hosting the #DemDebate last night. Tough, firm, but fair.
CNN Poll just out on South Carolina - great #s 
Incredible crowd in Richmond, Virginia tonight! So much spirit and energy! #makeamericagreatagain 
I'm very proud of my daughter Ivanka. Great interview. 
Signing my tax return.... 
joined &amp; was asked about his thoughts on Thanks Kevin--so nice!
The should not agree to the ridiculous debate terms that is asking unless there is a major benefit to the party.
is pushing the around by asking for extra time (and no criteria) in order to sell more commercials.
Will be on tomorrow with Enjoy!
Megyn Kelly has two really dumb puppets, Chris Stirewalt &amp; Marc Threaten (a Bushy) who do exactly what she says. All polls say I won debates
is a failed Bush speechwriter whose work was so bad that he has never been able to make a comeback. A third rate talent!
Every poll, Time, Drudge, Slate and others, said I won both debates - but heard Megyn Kelly had her two puppets say bad stuff. I don't watch
has just agreed that the debate will be TWO HOURS. Fantastic news for all, especially the millions of people who will be watching!
was FANTASTIC on this morning. He may be my son but he is a special guy!
Keep up the great work Scottie. Polls are best ever!
Nice story from 
A great new poll-33%! 
.,At the debate you said your brother kept us safe- I wanted to be nice &amp; did not mention the WTC came down during his watch, 9/11.
No, youre pathetic for saying nothing happened during your brothers term when the World Trade Center was attacked and came down.
., like it or not, our country needs more energy and spirit than you can provide! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
., you did a fantastic job tonight on Thank you for your very tough and very smart representation!
Thank you for your very honest commentary. One thing, we do have great teams in IA, NH, SC and beyond. 
is on the front page of the waving to 200 people in New Hampshire. My crowd next door was 5,000 people - no pic!
Donald Trump's Poll Dominance in 2 Key States is Mind-Blowing- 
Russia and the world has already started to respect us again!
A great story in the New York Post ---really well written!
I will be interviewed on Fox News Sunday With Chris Wallace at 9:00 A.M. or 10:00 A.M. (depending on location). Will be tough but good!
Good news for those that want to Make America Great Again - I am winning every poll in every STATE and NATIONAL - and by big numbers! Thanks
Amazing! Thank you! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
On at 9:00A.M. or 10:00 A.M. (depending on your location) on Fox is a tough but really good interview with Chris Wallace. Enjoy!
Jeb Bush should stop trying to defend his brother and focus on his own shortcomings and how to fix them. Also, Rubio is hitting him hard!
This morning Chris Wallace has the best political show on television - but that's only because I'm on it (kidding)! Have fun.
Jeb, why did your brother attack and destabalize the Middle East by attacking Iraq when there were no weapons of mass destruction? Bad info?
.
and his campaign manager should not be critical of candidates after they blew an election that should never have been lost!
I should release the sad and totally apologetic letter that Penn hand delivered to me. Minds would be changed very fast!
Replay of Fox News Sunday With Chris Wallace at 2:00 P.M. on Big statement made by Chris!
I will be interviewed by Chris Wallace at 2:00 P.M. on - Turn off the football for 15 minutes, Make America Great Again!
It's amazing that some of the dumbest people on television work for the Wall Street Journal, in particular a real dope named Charles Lane!
Fox News Sunday With Chris Wallace will be re-broadcast on at 6:00 P.M.
It's really cold outside, they are calling it a major freeze, weeks ahead of normal. Man, we could use a big fat dose of global warming!
Jeb is fighting to defend a catastrophic event. I am fighting to make sure it doesn't happen again.Jeb is too soft-we need tougher &amp; sharper
Bruce Willis wearing my hat on last Friday- 
Bill Clinton wants to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Lots of great new polls--big leads! 
I will be interviewed on tonight at 10:00. You will find it very interesting (I hope). Enjoy!
Had my best day ever in the polls, one had me at 41% - Morning Consult. Boston Globe, Monmouth, NBC and CNN all great. More!
at 10:00.
I will be interviewed on Good Morning America tomorrow at 7:00 A.M. Big new ABC poll coming out - I hope I do well!
you were GREAT on tonight. Thank you for the nice words!
at 7:00 A.M.
Just out: Boston Herald/Franklin Pierce Poll N.H. TRUMP 28 (up 10) CARSON 16 BUSH 9 RUBIO 6 CRUZ 5 Press will say they are surging!
I will be interviewed on Good Morning America at 7:00 A.M. will be announcing new poll numbers. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
New poll by ABC News/Washington Post TRUMP 32 CARSON 22 RUBIO 10 BUSH 7 Wow, how will the media put a negative spin on this one?
was just voted the #1 hotel in Canada in Conde Nast Travelers prestigious Readers Choice Awards 
The great workers who just completed the skylight at Trump International Hotel, D.C. (Old Post Office) 
#ChrisWallace, who interviewed me on Sunday, had his highest ratings since Feb of '09. Congratulations! 
Joe, thanks for not running! 
The young intern who accidentally did a Retweet apologizes.
Remember, official campaign merchandise (hats, apparel etc.) can only be bought at Be careful, don't get ripped-off
Massive crowds already forming in Jacksonville - will be and incredible day - 12 noon! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Leaving for Jacksonville now. See you there! Miami was great.
Saying goodbye to some of my great workers at in Miami. 
I will be doing the live from New Hampshire at 7am on Monday morning. #TrumpToday
Expecting a great crowd of amazing people. Questions will be live! #TrumpToday
is totally lost -- he spends too much time managing the bloated staff of his campaign &amp; not enough talking about America's future.
had a tiny 300 person crowd at Senator Tim Scott's forum. I had thousands, and they had real passion! 
is slashing campaign salaries, people making millions. If he can't manage his campaign, how can he manage our countries finances?
While Jeb Bush is cutting staff and salaries, after having paid ridiculous amounts of money, why did he pay so much in the first place?
I will be doing a major sit down interview on State of the Union With Jake Tapper at 9:00 A.M. on Enjoy!
This is just not the right time for Jeb Bush. His campaign is in total disarray, too much staff being paid way too much money = U.S. GOVT.
I spell out some of the differences between Ben Carson and myself at 9:00 A.M. on Ben is very weak on illegal immigration.
Ben Carson has never created a job in his life (well, maybe a nurse). I have created tens of thousands of jobs, it's what I do.
Watch at 9:00 A.M. Then interviewed on at 10:00 A.M. and then, at 10:30 A.M., watch Face The Nation.
Big poll comes out today on Face The Nation at 10:30 on 
Watch my interview on Face The Nation now and, also, the new CBS POLLS which, if good for me, the media won't report!
Do you believe that is still playing up the old Iowa poll numbers and no mention of the ABCWashington Post or just out CBS results?
Great numbers from Poll. Also from ABC-Washington Post Poll. Thank you! 
Do you think I will get credit for keeping Ford in U.S. Who cares, my supporters know the truth. Think what can be done as president!
Remember that Carson, Bush and Rubio are VERY weak on illegal immigration. They will do NOTHING to stop it. Our country will be overrun!
An aerial shot of Jacksonville crowd yesterday! I may as well show you because the media won't. 
Leaving for New Hampshire now. Will be doing the there, live at 7:00 A.M. New Poll of New Hampshire: Trump 38 Carson 12!
Ben Carson wants to abolish Medicare - I want to save it and Social Security.
This whole Super PAC scam is very unfair to a person like me who has disavowed all PAC's &amp; is self-funding.
Re Super PAC scam: What the other candidates are doing is a disgrace.
All Presidential candidates should immediately disavow their Super PACs. They're not only breaking the spirit of the law but the law itself
Dopey, who has lost all credibility with so many dumb statements and picks, said last week on that Biden was in.
New Gravis national poll just out --- 36%! Very nice! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Thank you for the wonderful story. 
Just out, wonderful poll in North Carolina. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Thank you Iowa! Great night---see you soon! 
After a great evening and packed auditorium in Iowa, I am now in Colorado looking forward to what I am sure will be a very unfair debate!
continues to report fictious poll numbers. Number one, based on every statistic, is Trump (by a wide margin). They just can't say it!
can you believe Kasie Hunt's poor and purposely inaccurate reporting on my great night and crowd in Iowa. is a scam!
Does anybody think that will get their fictitious polling numbers corrected sometime prior to the start of the debate. Sad!
I'm sure the media will not report the highly respected new national poll that just came out The Economist. 32%! 
Poll, one of the most highly respected, was just released. Wow, wait until the media digests these numbers - won't be happy!
POLL TOTAL: TRUMP 25.22 CARSON 19.78 RUBIO 9.67....
Thanks everyone, they all said I won the debate. Even won the Poll!
Thank you! #GOPDebate MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Thanks, You're great!
Thank you, Jonathan. Greatly appreciated! 
Thank you Colorado! An honor to win #GOPDebate Poll. 
Drudge Poll on who won the 3rd #GOPDebate. Thank you! 
The money losing is considered by many in the world of politics to be the dumbest and most slanted of the political sites. Losers!
Thank you to everybody for your wonderful comments on my debate performance - it was a lot of fun! Today I will be speaking in Reno, Nevada.
Thank you! 
CNBC poll: Trump won #GOPDebate #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Who won the #GOPDebate? 
Failing host, a mental basketcase, loves SUPERPACS - in other words, he wants your politicians totally controlled by lobbyists!
Congratulations and good luck - you will do a GREAT job for our wonderful U.S.A.!
I was #1 on Twitter -- and so positive. Thank you! 
Post-Debate Thank you! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
My interview on with had a 40%+ ratings increase over same Sunday last year. 20% over last week.
Thank you for the nice words on I will win and Make America Great Again!
Thank you for explaining to and and so many others that I am leading in almost all national &amp; state polls.
Happy Birthday to my wonderful daughter, 
Super PACs should be disavowed by anyone running for President. They are a total scam on our system and country! I am self-funding.
Donald Trump Leads Polls in Florida 
Happy Birthday to my friend 
Great job on tonight. Thanks for your nice words about my children. Class!
When candidate John Kasich, on the, talked about dismantling Medicare and Medicaid, he was referring to Ben Carson.
I am going to save Medicare and Medicaid, Carson wants to abolish, and failing candidate Gov. John Kasich doesn't have a clue - weak!
Black Lives Matter protesters totally disrupt Hillary Clinton event. She looked lost. This is not what we need with ISIS, CHINA, RUSSIA etc.
The new NBC POLL has me in first place but said I was third in the debate - I demand a recount (just kidding!). EVERY other poll had me #1.
I told you so-just lost it's top person. Poor results and no money to pay him. If they were legit, they would be doing far better!
Lifting off right now for U.S.S. Wisconsin in Norfolk. See ya'
said such nice things about me during the debate that I thought I'd do his show,, on Monday (2:30pm EST).
Just left Virginia where I unveiled my healthcare and other plans for our great Veterans! They will be very happy! 
Support Coach Kennedy and his right, together with his young players, to pray on the football field. Liberty Institute just suspended him!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Thank you James Freeman of the for the very nice words. All polls said I won the debate except NBC (3rd). Explain to Daniel Henninger!
No complaints but how many people would be watching these really dumb but record setting debates if I wasn't in them? Interesting question!
Few people know that is still in business. Tell your writer Alisa Soloman that I left The Apprentice to run for president
Gov. John Kasich has really failed on the campaign trail. I thought he would have been far more talented. He is just wasting time &amp; money!
Further proof that Gang of Eight member Marco Rubio is weak on illegal immigration is Paul Singer's, Mr. Amnesty, endorsement.Rubs can't win
I told you in speeches months ago that Jeb and Marco do not like each other. Marco is too ambitious and very disloyal to Jeb as his mentor!
If Jeb Bush were more competent he could not have lost the skirmish with Marco in the debate. BAD facts for Marco if properly delivered!
Join me Tuesday Nov. 3rd at 12 PM in #TrumpTower in NYC. I'll be signing copies of my book CRIPPLED AMERICA. Don't miss it!
While in politics it is often smart to send out false messages, one thing is clear: That Hillary does not want to run against TRUMP.
Thank you for the nice, and true, words on #Media Buzz with terrific Howie Kurtz. Leading New Hampshire 30 to 12. 
Now that Iran ripped us off by making one of the best deals of any kind in history, they have just moved to block any imports from the U.S.
Sirius National News at 7:30 A.M. Steve Bannon. 
.: Marco only won the debate in the minds of desperate people. I won every on-line poll, even crazy Marco good looking?
used this poll (nobody else did) when I was downwonder if shell use it now that Im up? 
Join me tomorrow, Nov. 3rd, at 12pm in #TrumpTowerNY. Ill be signing copies of my new book CRIPPLED AMERICA. Dont miss it!
I will be interviewed on at 7:00 A.M. and at 7:50. Talking about my new book, out today, Crippled America.
Join me today, Nov 3rd, in #TrumpTowerNYC at noon. I'll be signing copies of my new book CRIPPLED AMERICA. Don't miss it!
Marco Rubio would keep Barack Obamas executive order on amnesty intact. See article. Cannot be President. 
I will be on tonight at 10pmE talking about my new book #CrippledAmerica and much more! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Isn't it terrible that used a poll not used before (I.B.D.) when I was down, but refuses to use it now when I am up?
Just landed in New Hampshire - a very exciting morning planned!
Wow! poll just came out. #1 with 26%! Almost as importantly, I am the strongest on economic issues by far!
I will unveil my first campaign ads on at 6:30am tomorrow. Enjoy! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Also, tune in to the at 7:00am. I will be on to discuss the campaign, my new ads and #CrippledAmerica.
Rubio lied about my meeting w/ Hispanic activists. I didnt change my opinion but treated them w/ respect. Shame! 
The Carson story is either a total fabrication or, if true, even worse-trying to hit mother over the head with a hammer or stabbing friend!
A great honor to easily finish FIRST in the poll tabulation even though some of my best polls were not used in determining winner!
Florida Ethics Commission Advocate comes down hard on Rubio. So do two people who worked with him. Said he used the wrong credit card! Sure.
With Ben Carson wanting to hit his mother on head with a hammer, stab a friend and Pyramids built for grain storage - don't people get it?
I think it would be a good ideaand fairto include &amp; in the debate. Both solid &amp; good guys. 
Thank you so much for the nice words and support--really enjoy listening to your ideas and thoughts.
Getting ready for commercial. 
So sad that Obama rejected Keystone Pipeline. Thousands of jobs, good for the environment, no downside!
Will be on tonight. Signing a copy of Crippled America for Bill! 
has become a sad case. His magazine is failing badly, probably doesn't have long to go, and his predictions are always wrong!
Would be nice if learned how to read the polls before writing his next story. Probably done on purpose, but not good reporting!
One of the dumbest political pundits on television is Chris Stirewalt of Wrong facts - check Fox debate rankings, Trump #1. Dope!
Saturday Night Live has some incredible things in store tonight. The great thing about playing myself is that it will be authentic! Enjoy
They are saying that tickets to tonight's Saturday Night Live are the hardest to get in the history of this great show! Off to a good start!
Amazing evening at Saturday Night Live!
Will be on at 8:00 A.M.
- So much fun last night!
Will be interviewed by Jake Tapper at 9:00 A.M. Enjoy.
I will be interviewed by on at 10:00 A.M.
At 10:30 I will be interviewed on both by and Face The Nation by John Dickerson. This after long evening!
Television ratings for Saturday Night Live just came out and they were great - the best since 2011. Very few protesters!
Highest rated Saturday Night Live in four years. 47% higher than their opening night with Hillary &amp; Miley Cyrus. Nice words
Thank you to all of those who gave me such wonderful reviews for my performance on Saturday Night Live. Best ratings in 4 years!
Thanks so much. Really appreciate your comments. I will help the veterans like no one else. 
A great evening in Springfield, Illinois. Thank you for all of the support! 
Marco Rubio is a total lightweight who I wouldnt hire to run one of my smaller companies - a highly overrated politician!
Marco Rubio is totally weak on illegal immigration &amp; in favor of easy amnesty. A lightweight choker - bad for #USA!
Thank you to Robert Rorke for the really nice review of #SNL. So many enjoyed it - very gratifying! 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
I will be interviewed by on at 7:00 A.M. There is much to talk about!
Go out and buy CRIPPLED AMERICA: How to Make America Great Again. Doing really well. Great Thanksgiving or Christmas present!
Thank you New Jersey! 
Thank you South Carolina! 
I will be on live from New Hampshire tomorrow at 7am. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Will be on live from New Hampshire - 7:00 A.M. Talking about the debate and more!
Loved doing the debate...won Drudge and all on-line polls! Amazing evening, moderators did an outstanding job.
Thank you &amp; -- a great show! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Happy Veterans Day. To those who have served, thank you for your special work.
Just returned home from the great state of New Hampshire. Have made so many friends there--special place!
I never said that China was in the bad TPP trade deal but that China would come in the back door at a later date. 
I will be on at 8PM tonight. Tune in!
I will be interviewed on at 7:30
Today's Editorial is WRONG again. I know that China is not in the new T.P.P. trade deal but would come in latter through a back door.
The Editorial Board is so wrong, so often. They got info from an incorrect story in another pub. Why not watch and listen to debate.
Why does the failing write a false editorial about me and let dummy make the same mistake in the same edition of the paper?
and dopey Karl Rove made a mistake and purposely mischaracterized my statement on the terrible TPP deal.
Wow, pres. candidate Ben Carson, who is very weak on illegal Immigration, just said he likes amnesty and a pathway to citizenship.
From 2% to 27% in Texas - quite a jump into first place!
I will be on with tonight at 6PM.
I will be on with at 7PM. Tune in!
First candidate in Virginia with over 16,000 validated signatures for the ballot. An honor - thank you! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Thank you Iowa! I appreciate all of your support &amp; this evening! #IACaucus 
Happy Friday the 13th 
I only said I was on four weeks ago with Putinnever said I was in Green Room. Separate piecesgreat ratings!
had to inject herself into my factual statements concerning Ben Carson in order to breathe life into her failing campaign!
Great honor to be inducted into the NJ Boxing Hall of Fame last night. Thank you! Timing could not have been better! 
They laughed at me when I said to bomb the ISIS controlled oil fields. Now they are not laughing and doing what I said.
We need much tougher, much smarter leadership - and we need it NOW!
Why won't President Obama use the term Islamic Terrorism? Isn't it now, after all of this time and so much death, about time!
Hillary and Sanders are not doing well, but what is the failed former Mayor of Baltimore doing on that stage? O'Malley is a clown.
I think everyone will like my new and very successful book, Crippled America. Go get it and let me know what you think!
on ISIS&amp;OIL FIELDS! Saying it for years!, you should acknowledge this! 
I had a great time in Texas yesterday. A tremendous crowd of wonderful and enthusiastic people. Will be back soon!
Magazine is doing really poorly. It has gotten worse and worse over the years, and has lost almost all of it's former allure!
I have watched sloppy Graydon Carter fail and close Spy Magazine and now am watching him fail at Magazine. He is a total loser!
Glad to see that lost her championship fight last night. Was soundly beaten - not a nice person!
John, focus on running your company, I think the service is terrible! Try hiring some good managers.
President Obama just told President Putin how important the Russian air strikes against ISIS have been. I TOLD YOU SO!
Tom Brady just did it again. He is not only a great guy, he is, without question, the BEST quarterback!
Remember, I was the one who said attack the oil (ISIS source of wealth) a long time ago. Everyone scoffed, now they're attacking the oil.
Wow, shares are down more than 40% this year. I never knew my ties &amp; shirts not being sold there would have such a big impact!
Republicans must stop listening to dopes like who still insists Mitt Romney won the last election. Think big &amp; think strong!
Will be landing in Knoxville, Tennessee shortly - tremendous crowd expected. It's all very simple, we want to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
Discussing #SyrianRefugees with on back on 10/3/2015. #ISIS 
I agree! The headline says it all. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Just landing in Knoxville, Tennessee! Massive crowd expected! Will all have a great time, despite serious subject matter.
Just leaving Knoxville, TN --- what a crowd, what amazing people! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Great poll numbers out of Thank you! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Just received a copy of new book -- a great read! Sarah is a terrific person.
Thank you Tennessee! 
So many great polls like Reuters - big leads everywhere. New Hampshire really special! We will win big and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I, along with almost everyone else, have so little confidence in President Obama. He has a horrible attitude-a man who is resigned to defeat
Refugees from Syria are now pouring into our great country. Who knows who they are - some could be ISIS. Is our president insane?
Melania and I just had interview with the legendary Watch #abc2020 this Friday. Tonight we talk ISIS 
Thank you for all of your support! Let's #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! 
How does Ben Carson survive this problem - really big. Similar story on front page of New York Times. 
Great New Poll 
Very nice article from Daily Mail 
Eight Syrians were just caught on the southern border trying to get into the U.S. ISIS maybe? I told you so. WE NEED A BIG &amp; BEAUTIFUL WALL!
Everyone is now saying how right I was with illegal immigration &amp; the wall. After Paris, theyre all on the bandwagon.
The POLICE in Paris did a fantastic job. Very brave - not easy!
I told you! Premiums are soaring! #RepealObamacare 
Governor Kasich, whose failed campaign &amp; debating skills have brought him way down in the polls, is going to spend $2.5 million against me.
John Kasich should focus his special interest money on building up his failed image, not negative ads on me.
John Kasich, despite being Governor of Ohio, is losing to me in the Ohio polls. Pathetic!
Watch Kasich squirm --- if he is not truthful in his negative ads I will sue him just for fun!
Kasich has already spent $6 million on ads in New Hampshire and his numbers have gone down. People from NH are smart!
Doesnt help Kasich to do negative ads on me because he still has to go through everyone else - hes almost last.
John Kasich fell right into President Obamas trap on ObamaCare, and the people of Ohio are suffering for it. Shame!
Once John Kasich announced he was running for president, and opened his mouth, people realized he was a complete &amp; total dud!
John Kasich was managing director of Lehman Brothers when it crashed, bringing down the world and ruining people's lives. A total failure!
A great evening in Iowa! Thank you Des Moines Area Community College for a great forum! #IAForums 
A wonderful afternoon in Iowa! Great people! Heading now to Florida - tomorrow, South Carolina! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
The media must denigrate ISIS at all levels or youth will continue to be drawn to it. These are low level degenerates, NOT masterminds!
Going to South Carolina now, great place, SRO crowd. Iowa was amazing yesterday!
Under our President, ISIS is gaining great strength- 
I didn't suggest a database-a reporter did. We must defeat Islamic terrorism &amp; have surveillance, including a watch list, to protect America
Thank you for a great afternoon, South Carolina! See you next Tuesday! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Can you believe the worst Mayor in the U.S., &amp; probably the worst Mayor in the history of #NYC,, just called me a blow hard!
should focus on running #NYC &amp; all of the problems that he has caused with his ineptitude, &amp; not be so focused on me!
The legendary interviews my family and me tonight at 10:00 on. Don't miss it! 
is weak on illegal immigration &amp; totally incompetent as a manager and leader - no strength or stamina to be #POTUS!
Just got back from South Carolina. Going to Alabama tomorrow!
Thank you, a very wise bet! Best wishes.
Tune into the legendary at 10pmE ontonight. #MeetTheTrumps for a full hour #ABC2020! 
#ICYMI: I joined #OnTheRecord with on this evening. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Join us at 10pmE on with ! #MeetTheTrumps #ABC2020 
We're stuck with the worst mayor in the United States. Too bad, but New York City will survive!
To show you how politicians act, Bobby Jindal spent $1,000 to register in New Hampshire &amp; dropped out the next day. Such a waste!
Heading to Birmingham, Alabama, and a massive crowd of incredible people! 12 noon - will be wild.
A woman who got fired after two days of working with Scott Walker - a wacko - now trying to raise funds to fight me.
So nice when media properly polices media. Thank you 
Rumor has it - Pataki, Kasich, &amp; Senator Lindsey Graham are dropping out of the race very soon. Hope it's not true, they're so easy to beat!
Thank you John Nolte for wonderful analysis &amp; reporting.
It's too bad so few people showed up to Family Leader dinner. Next year I'll try &amp; be there- and they'll have a huge crowd!
Thank you for a great afternoon Birmingham, Alabama! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Thank you to all law enforcement agencies for a fabulous job! #LEO #LESM 
.ccolvinj is one of the truly bad reporters---working for an organization that has totally lost its way. Stories are fictional garbage.
I find that is a far more professional operation than 
Will be interviewed on at 8:00 A.M.
just announced that I am leading BIG in the new Poll which will be shown on This Week at 9:00 A.M. I will be on show
Big new Poll to be announced at 9:00 A.M. on This Week with I will be interviewed on show!
We better get tough with RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISTS, and get tough now, or the life and safety of our wonderful country will be in jeopardy!
Hillary Clinton is weak on illegal immigration, among many other things. She is strong on corruption - corruption is what she's best at!
continues to do extremely dishonest reporting. Always looking for a hit to bring them back into relevancyaint working!
has one of the worst reporters in the business -- wouldnt know the truth if it hit him in the face.
Going to Columbus, Ohio today for a tremendous rally of thousands. The silent majority is no longer silent!
When you do your Christmas shopping remember how disloyal was to the subject of illegal immigration. #BoycottMacys #DumpMacys
Via 9/18/01. I want an apology! Many people have tweeted that I am right! 
reports that getting ready to treat me unfairlybig spending planned against me. That wasnt the deal!
Heading for Ohio - really big crowd of amazing people! Much to talk about!
Just left Columbus rally of 14,000 people --- a far bigger crowd than even I expected! Unbelievable evening, incredible spirit in the arena!
Heading to Myrtle Beach, South Carolina. Really big crowdso much to talk about!
came up to see me. A really nice and talented guy. 
A wonderful evening in South Carolina - big crowd, amazing energy!
Myrtle Beach, South Carolina #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
South Carolina was so great last night. Will be back soon!
just totally bombed on has him on even though he has lost all credibility - a loser! Fox should dump Rove.
Thank you for your continued support! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
I LIVE IN NEW JERSEY &amp; IS RIGHT: MUSLIMS DID CELEBRATE ON 9/11 HERE! WE SAW IT! 
The failing should be focused on good reporting and the papers financial survival and not with constant hits on Donald Trump!
The is so poorly run and managed that other family members are looking to take over control. With unfunded liabilities-big trouble!
The dopes at the bought the Boston Globe for $1.3 billion and sold it for $1.00. Their great old headquarters-gave it away! So dumb
So, since the people at the have made all bad decisions over the last decade, why do people care what they write. Incompetent!
The numbers at the are so dismal, especially advertising revenue, that big help will be needed fast. A once great institution-SAD!
Happy Thanksgiving to all. Have a great day and look forward to the future. We will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

Great new poll numbers! Thank you for your support! 
The failing should focus on fair and balanced reporting rather than constant hit jobs on me. Yesterday 3 boring articles, today2!
I will be going to Sarasota, Florida, today for a big rally with amazing people! I have one goal on mind: MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
The reporter who pulled-back from his 14 year old never retracted story is having fun. I don't know what he looks like and don't know him!
Virtually no-one has spent more money in helping the American people with disabilities than me. Will discuss today at my speech in Sarasota
We boarded the helicopter for Sarasota earlier &amp; will be landing soon! See you there. 
Sarasota was an unbelievable success. We expected 5,000, a record, but 12,000 showed up! Great love in the air! 
has to do better reporting if it wants to keep up with the crowd.So totally one-sided and biased against me that it is becoming boring
After my meeting with the pastors, it's off to Georgia for a big rally - many thousands of great people will be there, a beautiful movement!
When will get some real political talent rather than political commentators like Errol Louis, who doesn't have a clue! Others bad also.
Wow, the MSM is really going after me. 12,000 in Sarasota, a love fest, hardly a mention. Only one negativity - they only want negatives!
How is Chris Christie running the state of NJ, which is deeply troubled, when he is spending all of his time in NH? New Jerseyans not happy!
The Republican establishment, out of self preservation, is concerned w/ my high poll #'s. More concerned are DemsI beat Hillary heads up!
We better be vigilant, careful, and strong. 
We need a great leader- now! 
Meeting with African American Pastors at Trump Tower was amazing. Wonderful news conference followed. Now off to Georgia for big speech!
Order signed copy of CRIPPLED AMERICA &amp; have opportunity to submit question for my live streaming book signing 12/3 
A great night in Macon, Georgia! Thank you for all of the support. Together, we will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! 
A signed copy of CRIPPLED AMERICA makes a great gift. Order &amp; join my live streaming book signing event on 12/3 
I want to thank all my friends in Macon for the special evening and great reception. What a crowd of incredible people!
Look at the editorial I was just sent from the NY Post on 9/14/01 - 3 days after collapse of WTC. Any apologies? 
Curtis Sliwa - doing tv commentary on 9/13/2001. Good job Curtis. Please send your apologies to 
What is Obama thinking? 
Order a signed copy of CRIPPLED AMERICA &amp; submit a question for my live streaming book signing on 12/3 at 7:30 pm 
The truth continues to come out after 14 years. A truth that many in the media did not want to tell.
Order signed copy of CRIPPLED AMERICA &amp; submit a question for my live streaming book signing on 12/3 at 7:30 pm. 
Illegal immigrant children, non-Mexicans surge across border at record rate 
Join me at 2:00pmEST today - live from Trump Tower - Facebook &amp; Periscope! 
LIVE on #Periscope: Live with the Donald 
Thank you CBS &amp; Breitbart-total vindication! Will the mainstream media apologize? Many, many witnesses. 
A signed copy of CRIPPLED AMERICA is the ultimate gift. Order now &amp; join my live streaming book signing on 12/3 
#TeamTrump. Police and law enforcement seem to have killed one of the California shooters and are in a shootout with the others. Go police
Heading to Manassas, Virginia, for a rally. Will have a moment of silence for the victims of the California shootings. So sad!
I consider my health, stamina and strength one of my greatest assets.The world has watched me for many years and can so testify-great genes!
As a presidential candidate, I have instructed my long-time doctor to issue, within two weeks, a full medical report-it will show perfection
CRIPPLED AMERICA is perfect gift for friends &amp; family. Order signed copy &amp; join me tonite live streaming 7:30 
Loved being in Manassas, VA last night. Such incredible spirit! Now in DC for a speech, will then visit Old Post Office under construction.
CRIPPLED AMERICA is the perfect gift for friends &amp; family. Order signed copy &amp; join me at 7:30pm, live streaming! 
Thank you! 
Thank you so much for the wonderful article, Robert Davi. 
It was recently reported that 3rd rate $ losing is a foil for the Clintons. Questions given to Clinton in advance. No credibility.
Great to see the construction of the Old Post Office on Penn Ave. Going fast - under budget, ahead of schedule!
Thank you!! 
Watch my live book signing now! 
Poll just came out, amazing numbers for those who want to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! TRUMP 36%, a 20 point lead over 2nd place. Thanks.
&amp; Please thank Alisyn Camerota, David Chalian and John King for the very professional reporting of the new CNN Poll.
Great Live Signing last nite! Over 25k views. I am signing books for next two weeks. Order yours for holiday gifts: 
Martha, great interview with my son -- smart, tough &amp; professional. Thank you! 
The horrible shooting that took place in San Bernardino was an absolute act of terror that many people knew about. Why didnt they report?
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Good news, disloyal stock is in a total free fall. Don't shop there for Christmas! 
Great Live Signing last nite! Over 25k views. I am signing books for next two weeks. Order yours for holiday gifts. 
A great night in Raleigh, North Carolina! THANK YOU! 
Re CRIPPLED AMERICA -- I am signing books for the next two weeks. Order yours for holiday gifts! 
., 3rd rate reporter &amp; CBS lied. Finished in normal manner&amp;signed autos for 20min. Dishonest! 
, you copied incompetent incorrect story. I'm sure you would like to apologize to me on show. Thank you for the courtesy.
&amp; should be fired for dishonest reporting. Thank you for reporting the truth.
I will be interviewed on Face The Nation at 10:30 A.M. Should be interesting - ENJOY!
Watch Face The Nation - will be on now!
So, how did I do on Face The Nation?
I will be live-tweeting President Obama's prime-time speech tonight starting at 7:50 P.M. (Eastern).Will he finally state the real problems?
Order my book CRIPPLED AMERICA for your holiday gifts. I will be signing books for the next two weeks! 
I have been saying it for sometime now! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Gee, with was getting terrible ratings then, with me, he set records - I saved his job, but Chuck still not nice!
Hillary won't call out radical Islam! She will be soundly defeated.
Is that all there is? We need a new President - FAST!
Should have gone after the oil years ago (like I have been saying).
Thank you Graham Ledger of the Daily Ledger for your really fair coverage and your great interview with Peter Roff of U.S. NEWS &amp; W.R.
Obama said in his speech that Muslims are our sports heroes. What sport is he talking about, and who? Is Obama profiling?
N.Y.C. has the worst Mayor in the United States. I hate watching what is happening with the dirty streets, the homeless and crime! Disgrace
The, which loses a fortune, is owned by for purposes of keeping taxes down at his no profit company, 
The loses money (a deduction) and gives owner power to screw public on low taxation of ! Big tax shelter
If ever had to pay fair taxes, its stock would crash and it would crumble like a paper bag. The scam is saving it!
I am signing copies of my book CRIPPLED AMERICA. Order yours now--makes a great holiday gift! 
Poor doesn't have what it takes- 
Today we honor the fallen at #PearlHarbor, 74 years ago today. If you see a vet today, thank them! #RememberOurVets 
is going out of its way to tell failing candidates how to beat Donald Trump.The Post doesnt get that Im good at winning!
I am greatly honored by the results of the CNN poll in Iowa. In the end, I believe the final results will be even better than that!
I am especially grateful for the tremendous support I have received from the Evangelicals in the just out Iowa CNN poll. Thank you!
Thank you Iowa! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #FITN 
Just put out a very important policy statement on the extraordinary influx of hatred &amp; danger coming into our country. We must be vigilant!
Statement on Preventing Muslim Immigration: 
On my way to Charleston/Mount Pleasant, South Carolina. Big crowd. Look forward to it! #USSYorktown 
Great video of tonights crowd reacting to my latest proposal in SC. 
Thank you for the support, South Carolina! #USSYorktown #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
I wish the Wall Street Journal had reported the just out Iowa Poll correctly. I lead by a wide margin,13 points, going up big!
I am signing copies of my book CRIPPLED AMERICA. Order yours now--makes a great holiday gift! 
A new poll indicates that 68% of my supporters would vote for me if I departed the GOP &amp; ran as an independent. 
A very big poll is coming out at 6 PM in New Hampshire. Will be very interested in the results.
Prior to the end of the year, I will be traveling to Israel. I am very much looking forward to it.
Our country is facing a major threat from radical Islamic terrorism. We better get very smart, and very tough, FAST, before it is too late!
Wow, what a day. So many foolish people that refuse to acknowledge the tremendous danger and uncertainty of certain people coming into U.S.
The failing does not mention the new Poll that has me leading Iowa by a massive 13 points - I am at 33%. Maggie Haberman, sad!
The last person corrupt Hillary Clinton wants to run against is Donald J. Trump. I'll end up beating her in every state. New Fox Poll-Trump!
Hillary Clinton does not have the STRENGTH or STAMINA to be President. We need strong and super smart for our next leader - or trouble!
I told you Magazine would never pick me as person of the year despite being the big favorite They picked person who is ruining Germany
I am signing copies of my book CRIPPLED AMERICA. Makes a great holiday gift. Order yours now!  
of Philadelphia, who is doing a terrible job, should be ashamed for using such a disgusting word in referring to me.Low life!
Thank you, Piers, they don't know what they're getting into. 
Thank you - you finally get it! 
I am interviewed on the tonight at 8:00. Then at 10:00, I am interviewed by on Enjoy!
Thank you for all of your support, South Carolina! 
., who can't believe that her candidate has bombed so badly, is one of the dumber pundits on T.V. Hard to watch, zero talent! 
Why does bore their audience with people like, a totally biased loser who doesn't have a clue. I hear she will soon be gone!
Great leaders listen to and support law enforcement officials. Police discuss no-go areas: 
Thank you for your wonderful editorial as to why I should have been Magazine's Person of the Year. You should run Time!
Wow, my poll numbers have just been announced and have gone through the roof!
I will be interviewed on this morning at 7:30. So much to talk about!
Our VISA system is broken, like so much else in our country. We better get it fixed really fast. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I have decided to postpone my trip to Israel and to schedule my meeting with at a later date after I become President of the U.S.
The United Kingdom is trying hard to disguise their massive Muslim problem. Everybody is wise to what is happening, very sad! Be honest.
Thank you to respected columnist Katie Hopkins of Daily for her powerful writing on the U.K.'s Muslim problems.
Establishment flunky is going crazy with the just released CBS poll that has me way ahead. New Fox poll has me beating Hillary.
An honor to be endorsed by the New England Police Benevolent Association. Thank you! 
In Britain, more Muslims join ISIS than join the British army.
Respected Morning Consult poll just out. I lead all Republicans and beat Hillary head to head by a wide margin- 45 to 40!
was not good tonight on He just doesn't know about winning! But he is a nice guy.
Great evening last night in New Hampshire. Got the endorsement from the New England Police Union - big territory, great people! Thank you.
is so off on Iowa, which I am leading big in new poll. I will win Iowa. Also, I beat Hillary easily!
Looks like is getting ready to attack. I am leading by so much he must. I hope so, he will fall like all others. Will be easy!
should not make statements behind closed doors to his bosses, he should bring them out into the open - more fun that way!
just went off the rails. I will beat Hillary easily - she does not want to run against me. I am tuning them out, waste of time
is a nice guy, but just hopeless. He knows so little about politics and, in particular, winning! I fixed his rating problem.
Our spectacular ballroom under construction at the great Turnberry resort in Scotland. 
Never get good #'s from failing Des Moines Register/Bloomberg. I think something's going on w/them. Up 13 in IA according to respected CNN.
Tom Ridge should be focused on trying to bring the party together rather than ripping it apart w/ your faulty thought process. I will win!
Tom Ridge is a failed 'Bushy' &amp; PA Governor. Him &amp; his friend shouldn't be allowed to do their bias commentary- nobody listens!
I will not let you down! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Thank you! We are at 35% in new Reuters poll with #2 coming in at 12%. Time to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! 
Thank you &amp; ! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
I had a great time in Des Moines, Iowa tonight! Thank you for all of the support. 
Just got back from Iowa, great people!
did a fantastic interview with syndicated columnist Michelle Malkin. Congrats to both!
I will be interviewed on at 8:00 A.M. So much to talk about!
Thank you! 
A great afternoon. Thank you South Carolina! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Thank you General. 
New CNN Iowa poll --- Trump 33, Cruz 20. Everyone else way down! Don't trust Des Moines Register poll- biased towards Trump!
I will be on CNN's - State of the Union tomorrow morning at 9amE. 
I will be interviewed on at 9:00 A.M. and Fox News Sunday with Chris Wallace at 10:O0 A.M. CNN Iowa Poll -13 point lead!
Something must be done with dopey - he is pushing Republicans down the same old path of defeat. Don't fall for it, Karl is a loser
Interesting article, but I will beat Hillary easily. People that have given up on the system will come out to vote for me!
An election between Hillary and myself will be the biggest voter turnout in U.S. history. Just like the debates 24 M vs 2M.
at 9:00 A.M.
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
People that have read it tell me that book is terrible (and boring). Save your money! should can him, no credibility!
Great job last night - very exciting! You have come a long way from those difficult early days, I am proud of you.
A very good NBC/Wall Street Journal Poll was just released wherein I went up from last month and am in the lead. Nice!
Many think that the Championship Course at Turnberry, home of The Duel In The Sun, will be the worlds best after the renovation.
I did interview with Chris Wallace of in order to be fair. He then puts on Rove, Lane and Will, three Trump bashers, to discuss.
People have got to stop working to be so politically correct and focus all of their energy on finding solutions to very complex problems!
EXCLUSIVE: Newt Gingrich: The Country Is in Rebellion, Trump Can Kick Down the Doors 
Record of Health: #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Another great accolade for Highly respected Golf Odyssey- awarded Blue Monster with best redesign. Thank you!
Thank you nice! 
was great on Thank you Pat!
Can't believe Major League Baseball just rejected for the Hall of Fame. He's paid the price. So ridiculous - let him in!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Thank you Great work on
Why doesn't use the #CNN Iowa poll? 
What an evening in Las Vegas, Nevada! THANK YOU for your continued support. 
Thank you for your support! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Why isn't anyone using the Iowa Poll with me having a big lead. They only want to use the one negative poll (2nd place).Dishonest press
., the most overrated anchor at, worked hard to explain away the new Monmouth poll 41 to 14 or 27 pt lead. She said 15!
is very bad at math. She was totally unable to figure out the difference between me and Cruz in the new Monmouth Poll 41to14.
I wonder if and her flunkies have written their scripts yet about my debate performance tonight. No matter how well I do - bad!
I am in Trump International Hotel, Las Vegas, getting ready and waiting for the debate tonight. Look forward - hope I get treated fairly!
Between Iraq war monger, dummy, deadpan, highly overrated, among others, not fair!
I won every debate so far according to all debate polls including, and more. Too bad dopey lies!
. #JoeTheismann was great as a political analyst on He knows far more than football. Thanks for the nice words Joe!
., what an honor to read your piece. As one of the truly great intellects &amp; my friend, I won't forget! 
New PPP poll just released in Iowa- up 6 points from last poll. Leading w/ 28%! Don't worry - media won't report it! 
Highly respected PUBLIC POLICY POLLING (PPP) just announced that I am number one in IOWA. Thank you!
#GOPDebate
Thank you, so many people have given me credit for winning the debate last night. All polls agree. It was fun and interesting!
Thank you for your nice words this morning on It was a good night!
works so hard but just doesn't have a natural instinct for politics. Others do, and those are the people you want to follow!
Bill O'Reilly calls Trump and campaign brilliant. In first place by 27 points.
Jeb Bush had a tough night at the debate. Now he'll probably take some of his special interest money, he is their puppet, and buy ad's.
Hillary Clinton is weak and ineffective - no strength, no stamina.
Clear winner of the #GOPDebate. Thank you for your support! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Will be on tonight at 11:35pmE on #Kimmel #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
I will be doing tonight at 8:00pmE from Mesa, Arizona - will be talking about the #GOPDebate &amp; more. 
got fired like a dog by #Fox. The Blaze is failing and he wanted to have me on his show. I said no - because he is irrelevant.
Will be on in 20 minutes on #Kimmel #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Thank you! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain I will be in Cedar Rapids,IA this Saturday. Get your tickets-
#ISIS is making $400M/year on oil. I have been saying it for years. We need to bomb the oil! 
New Reuters poll - thank you! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
I have an idea for whose campaign is a disaster. Try using your last name &amp; dont be ashamed of it!
has embarrassed himself &amp; his family with his incompetent campaign for President. He should remain true to himself.
Thank you for all of your support! Most importantly - we need to get everyone out to VOTE! 
See, Sanders backed Hillary on E-mails at the debate, hurting himself, and then she threw him under the bus (but failed). Disloyal person!
President Obama spends so much time speaking of the so-called Carbon footprint, and yet he flies all the way to Hawaii on a massive old 747.
Thank you Cedar Rapids, Iowa! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Thank you America! post-debate poll with +/- from previous poll. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
stupidly believes that Hillary wants to run against me because she said so. She says that so people believe it - opposite!
We need a #POTUS with great strength &amp; stamina. Hillary does not have that. 
It was really strange when Hillary was missing from the podium last night. Not very presidential!
My friend, of, bought the Miss Universe pageants from me and they are on tonight on #Fox! Tune in!
final 3 on now. Great people, great new owner WATCH.
today said he didn't want to be the front-runner, he would rather be where he is now, 2%. That is the talk of a loser, can't win!
Very sad what happened last night at the Miss Universe Pageant. I sold it 6 months ago for a record price. This would never have happened!
I demand an apology from Hillary Clinton for the disgusting story she made up about me for purposes of the debate. There never was a video.
Just out: TRUMP GOP DEBATE - 18,000,000. CLINTON DEMOCRAT DEBATE - 6,700,000. And they were on major network vs. cable!
Phyllis Schlafly: Trump is 'last hope for America' 
Thanks for all of your kind words and thoughts. Big progress is being made. Keep up the great work!
THANK YOU Grand Rapids, Michigan! Time to end political correctness &amp; secure our homeland! 
Thank you - New Hampshire! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Thank you - Michigan! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
THANK YOU America! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Video from Michigan last night. After asking for months, the media panned their cameras! 
Weak and low energy, whose campaign is a disaster, is now doing ads against me where he tries to look like a tough guy.
Will, in his phony advertising campaign, show himself asking me to apologize to his wife in the debate?
Why doesn't, in his ads, show my answer to his statement in the debate?
.opening and closing in the debate were said by all to be terrible--fumbled around, incoherent.
Women defy media narrative, love Trump at packed Michigan rally.VIDEO: 
Watching and consider to be one of the least talented people on television. Boring and biased!
Jeb's big ad buy against me, paid for by lobbyists, shows my face but doesn't have me answering Jeb's statements. He is really pathetic!
Wow, new Reuters Poll just out. Big lead if you want to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! TRUMP 37 CRUZ 11 This is at the top of Drudge!
We need a PRESIDENT with strength, stamina, heart and incredible deal making skill if our country is ever going to be able to prosper again!
Big news just out - NEW POLL TRUMP 39 and leads in every major category. Likeability way up. CRUZ 18 CARSON 10 RUBIO 10
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
The silent majority- is silent no more! Remember the importance of VOTING! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
The, which is the lobbyist (power) for not imposing taxes on #Amazon, today did a nasty cartoon attacking kids. Bad
Merry Christmas &amp; Happy Holidays! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
A great Christmas movie &amp; perfect #TBT! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Story: 
Wow, even lowly Rand Paul has just past in the new Poll. Jeb is at 3%, I'm at 39%. Stop throwing your money down the drain!
Third rate reporters Amy Chozick and Maggie Haberman of the failing are totally in the Hillary circle of bias. Think about Bill!
Wow, because of the pressure put on by me, ICE TO LAUNCH LARGE SCALE DEPORTATION RAIDS. It's about time!
Why isn't using the much newer Poll when discussing how well I am doing instead of the older Q Poll? CNN even better!
I am now in Palm Beach, Florida, and will be going to church tonight. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Great job on today. Very wise indeed!
Merry Christmas to all. Have a great day and have a really amazing year. Together, we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! It will be done!
was GREAT today on She gets what is going on in politics, and sees it very clearly. Have her on more!
Does everyone see that the Democrats and President Obama are now, because of me, starting to deport people who are here illegally. Politics!
We have many problems in our house (country!), and we need to fix them before we let visitors come over and stay. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Remember when failed candidate said that illegals came across the border as AN ACT OF LOVE? He's spent $59 million and is at 3%.
Our great VETERANS are being treated very badly because of corruption and incompetence at the V.A. That will stop, I will fix this quickly!
just announced that TRUMP was #1 story of 2015. Totally meaningless, however, if we don't WIN IT ALL and Make America Great Again!
is so dishonest in his reporting...and to think he was going off the air until I came along-no ratings. I will beat Hillary!
The same people that said I wouldn't run, or that I wouldn't lead or do well (1st place and leading by 21%), now say I won't beat Hillary.
The Phoenix V.A., it has just been reported, is in worse shape than ever before. The wait is horrendous, and people are dying. I will fix it
Criminal deportations in the U.S. are the lowest number in many years. We are letting criminals knowingly stay in our country. MUST CHANGE!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain Story: 
A new terror warning was issued for European cties. At what point do we say we have had enough and get really tough and smart. Weak leaders!
Hillary Clinton has announced that she is letting her husband out to campaign but HE'S DEMONSTRATED A PENCHANT FOR SEXISM, so inappropriate!
Thank you! 
I will do far more for women than Hillary, and I will keep our country safe, something which she will not be able to do-no strength/stamina!
It begins, Republican Party of Virginia, controlled by the RNC, is working hard to disallow independent, unaffiliated and new voters. BAD!
R.P.Virginia has lost statewide 7 times in a row. Will now not allow desperately needed new voters. Suicidal mistake. RNC MUST ACT NOW!
The voters the Republican Party of Virginia are excluding will doom any chance of victory. The Dems LOVE IT! Be smart and win for a change!
Straighten out The Republican Party of Virginia before it is too late. Stupid! RNC
If Hillary thinks she can unleash her husband, with his terrible record of women abuse, while playing the women's card on me, she's wrong!
Many of the great jobs that the people of our country want are long gone, shipped to other countries. We now are part time, sad! I WILL FIX!
Thank you to a supporter for this video of my campaign- over the past 6 months. Video: 
Thank you! 
My campaign for president is $35,000,000 under budget, I have spent very little (and am in 1st place).Now I will spend big in Iowa/N.H./S.C.
So, I have spent almost nothing on my run for president and am in 1st place. Jeb Bush has spent $59 million &amp; done. Run country my way!
Looking forward to being in Council Bluffs, Iowa, later today. Despite weather, rally is on -- will be fantastic! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
We need a real President! 
I hope does better for Rubio than he did at the #Benghazi hearings, which were a total disaster for Republicans &amp; America!
The great people of New Hampshire, who I love, are not properly served by the dying Union Leader newspaper.
Joe McQuaid () of the dying Union Leader wanted ads, lunches, donations, speeches from me, and tweets---very unethical.
You were great on last night. Thanks for the nice words. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
The dying newspaper in NH is in turmoil over my comments about them- like a bully that got knocked out!
Joe McQuaid () is desperately trying to sell the It's a loser, and my comments haven't helped him much.
I never thought I'd be saying this but I've really enjoyed on television lately, and he was terrific hosting 
I'm going to be live with and to ring in the New Year 2016. Everybody should tune in to tomorrow night!
A GREAT day in South Carolina. Record crowd and fantastic enthusiasm. This is now a movement to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
I would feel sorry for and how badly he is doing with his campaign other than for the fact he took millions of $'s of hit ads on me
HAPPY BIRTHDAY to my son, ! Very proud of you! #TBT 
I would like to wish everyone A HAPPY AND HEALTHY NEW YEAR. WE MUST ALL WORK TOGETHER TO, FINALLY, MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN AND GREAT AGAIN!
I will be on live, with members of my family, at 11:50 P.M. We will ring in the New Year together! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
HAPPY NEW YEAR &amp; THANK YOU! 
Well, the year has officially begun. I have many stops planned and will be working very hard to win so that we can turn our country around!
The person that Hillary Clinton least wants to run against is, by far, me. It will be the largest voter turnout ever - she will be swamped!
Thank you so much to for naming me the 2015 Man of the Year. This is indeed a great honor for me!
Massive crowds expected in Mississippi tomorrow night. Look forward to it! 2015 IN PHOTOS: 
is a sad case. A total embarrassment to both himself and his family, he just announced he will continue to spend on Trump hit ads!
Hillary Clinton said that it is O.K. to ban Muslims from Israel by building a WALL, but not O.K. to do so in the U.S. We must be vigilant!
Hillary Clinton doesn't have the strength or stamina to be president. Jeb Bush is a low energy individual, but Hillary is not much better!
I hope Bill Clinton starts talking about women's issues so that voters can see what a hypocrite he is and how Hillary abused those women!
When I look at all of the money the special interests and lobbyists are giving to candidates, beware - the candidates are mere puppets $$$$!
Remember, I am self-funding my campaign, the only one in either party. I'm not controlled by lobbyists or special interests-only the U.S.A.!
Heading to Biloxi, Mississippi. Massive crowds expected. Thank you for your support! 
Just arrived in Mississippi for the rally. Word is that the crowd is overflowing and massive. Will be an amazing evening!
Thank you #Biloxi, #Mississippi! Remember this night &amp; spread the word to get out &amp;! 
Just returned from Mississippi - a great evening.
Hillary Clinton lied last week when she said ISIS made a D.T. video. The video that ISIS made was about her husband being a degenerate.
Al-Shabbab, not ISIS, just made a video on me - they all will as front-runner &amp; if I speak out against them, which I must. Hillary lied!
Does anybody remember when Bill Clinton, in 2008, worked long and hard for Hillary? She LOST! Now Bill is at it again. Just watch.
of the was terrible today on Face The Nation.No focus, poor level of concentration-but correct on Hillary lying
I look forward to being in Lowell, Massachusetts, today. I hear a very big crowd is expected--we will have lots of fun!
I am in New Hampshire. Just received great news from Reuters poll. Thank you for your support! 
Germany is going through massive attacks to its people by the migrants allowed to enter the country. New Years Eve was a disaster. THINK!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY to my son, ! Very proud of you! 
I dont cheat at golf but cheatswith his game he has no choiceand stop doing commercials!
Huge crowd expected tomorrow night! VT Police say first come, first serve. Arrive early!
Do you believe that in NH was demanding ads? Look at enclosed letter from them, just received: 
The failing newspaper in N.H. just sent The Trump Organization a letter asking that we take ads. How stupid, how desperate!
was one of the worst performing stocks on the S&amp;P last year, plunging 46%. Very disloyal company. Another win for Trump! Boycott.
It was a very wise move that Ted Cruz renounced his Canadian citizenship 18 months ago. Senator John McCain is certainly no friend of Ted!
I will be in beautiful Burlington, Vermont, tonight for a rally. Will be great fun. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Man shot inside Paris police station. Just announced that terror threat is at highest level. Germany is a total mess-big crime. GET SMART!
Ted--free legal advice on how to pre-empt the Dems on citizen issue. Go to court now &amp; seek Declaratory Judgment--you will win!
I have an idea for whose campaign is a disaster. Try using your last name and don't be ashamed of it!
Weak &amp; ineffective is doing ads where he shows his statement in the debate but not my response. False advertising!
Hillary and her friends! 
We could only get a small fraction of this 25k crowd in. The movement to Make America Great Again is unbelievable! 
Hank Greenberg, formerly of AIG, gave $10 million to the campaign 3 months ago. He is not happy, a total waste of money!
Not good news for Jeb Bush 
On my way to South Carolina. Big Crowd--- look forward to it!
I hope all workers demand that their reps endorse Donald J. Trump. Nobody knows jobs like I do! Dont let them sell you out!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
#FoxNews Poll - THANK YOU! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Will be at venue, in wonderful South Carolina, very soon. Big traffic back-up, tremendous crowd! Will be wild.
Great even in SC tonight! Fire Marshall would not let everyone in-- 5,000 turned away. Thank you for coming!
Pat Buchanan gave a fantastic interview this morning on - way to go Pat, way ahead of your time!
South Carolina rally last night was so unbelievably exciting (and fun). I am now off to Iowa for two big rallies - packed houses. Love it!
Thank you, - Chris Cillizza. It is a true person of character that can change his opinion &amp; do what is right. 
., watched on and appreciate your statements --- I have been waiting for them for a long time. Thank you.
Thank you so much. Earnest must have been a great person. 
(1/2) Time Magazine has me on the cover this week. David Von Drehle has written one of the best stories I have ever had.
I will be interviewed by Chris Wallace on Fox tomorrow morning. Tune in!
Will be on Meet the Press with tomorrow morning. Enjoy!
Yesterday in Iowa was amazing - two speeches in front of two great sold out crowds. They love that I am the only candidate self-funding!
In the just out Poll, I easily beat Hillary Clinton - and I havn't even focused on her yet. On our way: MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Heading now for Reno, Nevada, for a big rally. Good poll numberd all over!
Remember, get TIME magazine! I am on the cover. Take it out in 4 years and read it again! Just watch...
If their highly unethical behavior, including begging me for ads, isnt questionable enough, they have endorsed a candidate who cant win.
This is really unfair and a conflict for all the other candidates. I said it should not be allowed and ABC agreed.
UL has lost all credibility under Joe McQuaid w circulation dropping to record lows. They aren't worthy of representing the great people NH.
Union Leader refuses to comment as to why they were kicked out of the ABC News debate like a dog. For starters, try getting a new publisher!
Thank you to our law enforcement officers! #LESM 
Why does w/ allow a hater &amp; racist like to waste good airtime? can do much better than him!
Congratulations to my friend on winning a #GoldenGlobe. A wonderful guy- who has created something special- well deserved!
Great job on Fox this morning I am sending out for your book immediately. Thank you very much!
So professional of news to throw out the failing newspaper from their debate. Paper won't survive, highly unethical!
Just arrived in New Hampshire. Thank you to all of my supporters! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
New Iowa poll. Thank you! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Will be on with on at 11:35pmE. Enjoy! 
Thank you Michael Harrison for your kind words - greatly appreciated!
Major Garrett of covers me very inaccurately. Total agenda, bad reporter!
Don't forget to watch The Tonight Show with the wonderful at 11:30 P.M. You will not be disappointed! 
THANK YOU! 
Another new Iowa poll just released. Thank you! #IACaucus #FITN 
New CBS poll.
The #SOTU speech is really boring, slow, lethargic - very hard to watch!
The State Of The Union speech was one of the most boring, rambling and non-substantive I have heard in a long time. New leadership fast!
Numerous polls have me beating Hillary Clinton. In a race with her, voter turnout will be the highest in U.S. history-I get most new voters!
Iran toys with U.S. days before we pay them, ridiculously, billions of dollars. Don't release money. We want our hostages back NOW!
Sadly, there is no way that Ted Cruz can continue running in the Republican Primary unless he can erase doubt on eligibility. Dems will sue!
Thank you! #VoteTrump
THANK YOU, IOWA! Highly respected poll just released. #VoteTrump #IowaCaucus 
THANK YOU! #VoteTrump 
.- unbelievable job on #FoxNews with That was better than I could do!
Stuart Stevens is a dumb guy who fails virtually everything he touches. Romney campaign,his book,etc. Why does put him on?
Iran humiliated the United States with the capture of our 10 sailors. Horrible pictures &amp; images. We are weak. I will NOT forget!
United States looks more and more like a paper tiger. Won't be that way if I win!
WSJ/NBC Poll: Donald Trump Widens His Lead in Republican Presidential Race. 
Jeb Bush, who did poorly last night in the debate and whose chances of winning are zero, just got Graham endorsement. Graham quit at O.
Top searched candidate by state, as seen in the #GOPDebate media filing center. WE WILL MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
Jusr watched #HarveyPitt on - he was great!
Just got back from Iowa - had a great time with amazing people. Will be back soon!
please explain to the very dumb and failing that I supported John McCain big league in 2008, not Obama!
Ted Cruz was born in Canada and was a Canadian citizen until 15 months ago. Lawsuits have just been filed with more to follow. I told you so
Was there another loan that Ted Cruz FORGOT to file. Goldman Sachs owns him, he will do anything they demand. Not much of a reformer!
The Ted Cruz wiseguy apology to the people of New York is a disgrace. Remember, his wife's employer, and his lender, is located there!
Oh no, just reported that Ted Cruz didn't report another loan, this one from Citi. Wow, no wonder banks do so well in the U.S. Senate.
Ted Cruz purposely, and illegally, did not list on his personal disclosure form personally guaranteed loans from banks. They own him!
Great new numbers. Thank you! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Ted is the ultimate hypocrite. Says one thing for money, does another for votes. 
Everybody that loves the people of New York, and all they have been thru, should get hypocrites like Ted Cruz out of politics!
When will give all the New York based campaign contributions back to the special interests that control him.
Greatly dishonest of to file a financial disclosure form &amp; not list his lending banks- then pretend he is going to clean up Wall St
Wow! Ted Cruz received $487K in campaign contributions, $11M from a NY hedge fund mogul, &amp; $1M low int. loan from Goldman Sachs. Hypocrite
Is this the New York that Ted Cruz is talking about &amp; demeaning? 
Interesting read from Peggy Noonan. 
In Iran deal we get 4 prisoners. They get $150 billion, 7 most wanted and many off watch list. This will create great incentive for others!
Iran is going to buy 114 jetliners with a small part of the $150 billion we are giving them...but they won't buy from U.S., rather Airbus!
I am self-funding my campaign - putting up my own money, not controlled. Cruz is spending $millions on ads paid for by his N.Y. bosses.
Just a reminder that Ted Cruz supported liberal Justice John Roberts who gave us #Obamacare. 
A great morning with everyone ! Thank you! Off to New Hampshire now. 
We launched a new series of videos Facebook. A new topic everyday! Watch: 
I loved being at Liberty University today! Record setting crowd, unbelievable people! Thank you Jerry and Becki! 
Really disgusting that the failing New York Times allows dishonest writers to totally fabricate stories.
On my way to Iowa- just received new national poll numbers. Thank you! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
.- Just read your complete statement. You are an amazing guy &amp; I really appreciate your words &amp; support. I will see you soon!
A true honor to receive the endorsement of John Wayne's daughter....read: 
Palins brand among evangelicals is as gold as the faucets in Trump tower, said Ralph Reed, the chairman of the Faith &amp; Freedom Coalition.
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #ECONOMY - VIDEO: 
Judge Jeanine Slams GOP Establishment:
#MakeAmericaGreatAgainLIFE CHANGING EXPERIENCEVideo: 
Great rally in Iowa! Such wonderful people. Traveling now with to Tulsa- massive crowd expected! 
15K in OK! Had to turn away 5k, but we are coming back soon to take care of them! So much love in the crowd! Thanks! 
Bob Dole Warns of Cataclysmic Losses With Ted Cruz, and Says Donald Trump Would Do Better New York Times: 
Wacko is a sad answer to the endorsement that Cruz so desperately wanted. Glenn is a failing, crying, lost soul!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgainUNIFYING THE NATIONVideo: 
So sad that and many others refused to show the massive crowd at the arena yesterday in Oklahoma. Dishonest reporting!
Low energy candidate has wasted $80 million on his failed presidential campaign. Millions spent on me. He should go home and relax!
New Day on CNN treats me very badly. is a disaster. Not going to watch anymore.
Thank you, Iowa! 
Thank you! 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Why does have a fired Bushy like dummy, John Sununu on- spewing false info? I will beat Hillary by a lot, she wants no part of Trump.
The late, great, William F. Buckley would be ashamed of what had happened to his prize, the dying National Review!
Ted Cruz complains about my views on eminent domain, but without it we wouldn't have roads, highways, airports, schools or even pipelines.
The failing National Review Magazine has just been informed by the Republican National Committee that they cannot participate in debate
Wow! This might be my highest # yet! Thank you to my opposition- you are totally ineffective &amp; have been for years! 
The dying National Review has totally given up the fight against Barrack Obama. They have been losing for years. I will beat Hillary!
New Reuters poll! Thank you! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
New National GOP Zogby Poll #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Wow! New National Zogby Poll just out:.TRUMP 45. CRUZ 13. RUBIO 8. Big numbers.
Just received the new Fox poll.Thank you, America! 
The tax scam Washington Post does among the most inaccurate stories of all. Really dishonest reporting.
Rush Limbaugh is great, tells it as he sees it---really honorable guy! Thanks Rush!
Ted Cruz went down big in just released Reuters poll - what's going on? Is it Goldman Sachs/Citi loans or Canada?
Just watched Jeb's ad where he desperately needed mommy to help him. Jeb --- mom can't help you with ISIS, the Chinese or with Putin.
., one of the National Review lightweights, came to my office begging for money like a dog. Why doesn't he say that?
Cruz says I supported TARP, which gave $25 million to Goldman Sachs, the bank which loaned him the money he didn't disclose. Puppet!
Cruz did not renounce his Canadian citizenship as a US Senator- only when he started to run for #POTUS. He could be Canadian Prime Minister.
Is Cruz honest? He is in bed w/ Wall St. &amp; is funded by Goldman Sachs/Citi, low interest loans. No legal disclosure &amp; never sold off assets.
I will be the greatest job-producing president in American history. #VoteTrump 
has been amazing. We will win and establish strong borders, we will build a WALL and Mexico will pay. We will be great again!
I am in Iowa watching all of these phony T.V. ads by the other candidates. All bull, politicians are all talk and no action-it won't happen!
Ted Cruz poll numbers are down big. Because he was born in Canada and was, until recently, a Canadian citizen, many believe he cannot run!
Based on conflict of interest and bias she should not be allowed to be a moderator of the next debate.
Just left Sioux Center, Iowa. My speech was very well received. Truly great people! Packed house- overflow!
For the great people of Iowa, find your #IACaucus location at So important to vote! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
such an honor to get your endorsement. You are a fantastic guy! It will not be forgotten. Don and Eric say hello!
I will be on FOX with the great tonight at 9pm EST! Enjoy!
Just left a great event in Pella. Going to church tomorrow in Muscatine, Iowa.
Serious doubt in Illinois as to whether or not Cruz can run for President. First of many challenges. 
Word is that crying left the GOP and doesn't have the right to vote in the Republican primary. Dumb as a rock.
Love making correct predictions. National Review is over. -doomed
I will make our Military so big, powerful &amp; strong that no one will mess with us. 
Fox News PollThank you, New Hampshire! #FITN 
It's time for Ted Cruz to either settle his problem with the FACT that he was born in Canada and was a citizen of Canada, or get out of race
I want to win for the people of this great country. The only people I will owe are the voters. Video: 
I will be on The Situation Room with from 5-7pm est on CNN
Obama's deal vs. Trump's deals- 
I will be on Morning's with Maria on the Fox Business Network tomorrow during the 7am and 8am ET hours.
Ted Cruz is a nervous wreck. He is making reckless charges not caring for the truth! His poll #'s are way down!
Cruz going down fast in recent polls- dropping like a rock. Lies never work!
Cruz lies are almost as bad as Jeb's. These politicians will do anything to stay at the trough!
Leaving now for New Hampshire. Big crowd- looking forward to it! #FITN
Just landed in New Hampshire. Will be at the venue shortly. #FITN
I will be doing this morning at around 7:00. Likewise, I will be doing at around 7:00. Figure it out!
I will be interviewed by on at 7:30 A.M. Enjoy.
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Great honor- Rev. Jerry Falwell Jr. of Liberty University, one of the most respected religious leaders in our nation, has just endorsed me!
begged me to do an event while asking organizers for $100,000 for himselfa bad guy!
Should I do the #GOPdebate? 
THANK YOU! #IACaucus finder: 
Thank you, America! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
I refuse to call Megyn Kelly a bimbo, because that would not be politically correct. Instead I will only call her a lightweight reporter!
Just got to listen to Rush Limbaugh - the guy is fantastic!
I am self funding my campaign so I do not owe anything to lobbyists &amp; special interests. 
Thank you- Lexington, South Carolina! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
#IACaucus Finder: 
Wow, two candidates called last night and said they want to go to my event tonight at Drake University.
What America Needs: The Case for Trump Great new book by the esteemed Jeffrey Lord Available now. 
Being politically correct takes too much time. We have too much to get done! 
#IACaucus Finder: 
Tennessee GOP Poll 32.7% Cruz 16.5% Carson 6.6% Rubio 5.3% Christie 2.4% Jeb 1.6%
20 Most Anticipated Hotel Openings of 2016: Trump International Hotel, Washington D.C. 
I hear that s $$ man, Robert Mercer, a good man, is very angry because Cruz lied to him about liquidating his (Teds) holdings.?
#IACaucus Finder: 
An unbelievable night in Iowa with our great Veterans! We raised $6,000,000.00 while the politicians talked! #GOPDebate
I will take care of the Veterans who have served this country so bravely. #ThankAVet Video: 
Thank you for the kind words tonight, You were great! See you soon!
#IACaucus  2/1/2016  6:30pm #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! Iowa caucus finder: #GOPDebate 
Good morning America! Thank you for all of your support in the latest Drudge poll! 
Thank you for your interest &amp; support during last nights #GOPDebate! #IACaucus finder: 
Iowa was amazing last night. The event could not have worked out better. We raised $6,000,000 for our great vets. They were so happy &amp; proud
Getting ready to take off for Nashua, New Hampshire. Big crowd, will be there soon. Fun!
Great Twitter poll- and I wasn't even there. Thank you! #GOPDebate 
Thank you! Mitchell FOX2 Michigan Poll finds Trump holds 3-1 lead over closest GOP opponents. Trump 47% Clinton 43% 
Thank you- Nashua, New Hampshire! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Join me tomorrow in Dubuque, Iowa! #IACaucus 
Thank you for all of your support Iowa! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #IACaucus finder: 
The great State of Nebraska can do much better than as your Senator. Saw him on - totally ineffective. Wants paid for pols.
looks more like a gym rat than a U.S. Senator. How the hell did he ever get elected? 
Amazing that Ted Cruz can't even get a Senator like, who is easy, to endorse him. Not one Senator is endorsing Canada Ted!
is the only network that does not even mention my very successful event last night. $6,000,000 raised in one hour for our VETS.
The people of Iowa love the fact that I stuck up for my rights, as I will do for the U.S. Also got $6,000,000 for our VETS!
Looking forward to a great weekend in Iowa! #IACaucus #CaucusForTrump Tickets: 
THANK YOU to all of the incredible volunteers, behind the scenes in Iowa! #CaucusForTrump 
Hillary Clinton is a major national security risk. Not presidential material!
I will be in Iowa all day and until Tuesday morning. Finally, after all these years of watching stupidity, we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
#IACaucus #CaucusForTrump #iCaucused #iVoted
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! #IACaucus #CaucusForTrump 
is a total phony and dishonest guy. Asked me for expensive hotel rooms, free (and more). I said pay and he endorsed Cruz!
asked me to do an event. The people holding the event called me to say he wanted $100,000 for himself.Phony 
is a total phony and con man. When I wouldn't give him free hotel rooms and much more, he endorsed Cruz. 
I will be going to church in Iowa this morning with my wife, Melania. After church I will be making two speeches and touring the State!
Ted Cruz is totally unelectable, if he even gets to run (born in Canada). Will loose big to Hillary. Polls show I beat Hillary easily! WIN!
Ted Cruz is in trouble for not reporting his bank borrowing in his very important Financial Disclosure Form. Very low interest loans, scam!
Wow, just saw an ad - Cruz is lying on so many levels. There is nobody more against ObamaCare than me, will repeal &amp; replace. He lies!
If I would have done the last debate, a record would have been set (instead of the poor ratings recieved). Also, VETS got $6,000,000.
So nice to get an endorsement from the founder and owner of Pizza Ranch in Iowa! A great guy and great places! #CaucusForTrump
&amp; his wife attended the #SnowflakeGardenBrunch- here w/ Governor 
Because I was told I could not do well in Iowa, I spent very little there - a fraction of Cruz &amp; Rubio. Came in a strong second. Great honor
I don't believe I have been given any credit by the voters for self-funding my campaign, the only one. I will keep doing, but not worth it!
Anybody who watched all of Ted Cruz's far too long, rambling, overly flamboyant speech last nite would say that was his Howard Dean moment!
On my way to New Hampshire- expecting a big and spirited crowd! #FITN 
Great job on tonight begged us for a job. We said no and she went hostile. A real dummy! 
Ted Cruz didn't win Iowa, he stole it. That is why all of the polls were so wrong and why he got far more votes than anticipated. Bad!
During primetime of the Iowa Caucus, Cruz put out a release that was quitting the race, and to caucus (or vote) for Cruz.
Many people voted for Cruz over Carson because of this Cruz fraud. Also, Cruz sent out a VOTER VIOLATION certificate to thousands of voters.
The Voter Violation certificate gave poor marks to the unsuspecting voter(grade of F) and told them to clear it up by voting for Cruz. Fraud
Based on the fraud committed by Senator Ted Cruz during the Iowa Caucus, either a new election should take place or Cruz results nullified.
This was sent out from Ted Cruz- as Iowans arrived at their caucus sites to vote. #CruzFraud 
Cruz just lied again- I am, and have been totally against #ObamaCare- repeal and replace!
Thank you New Hampshire! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #FITN 
THANK YOU to everyone in Little Rock, Arkansas tonight! A record crowd of 12K. 
Sanders says he wants to run against me because he doesn't want to run against me. He would be so easy to beat!
Thank you &amp; Ted Cruz should be immediately disqualified in Iowa, with each candidate moving up one notch.
#ICYMI: &amp; discuss what Ted Cruz did to the great people of Iowa- as they went to vote. 
- as per the show, an even more serious Cruz charge is the fraudulent voter violation certificate sent to everyone.
Taking a helicopter to New Hampshire, boarding now. Amazing activity planned. New UMASS poll, very nice! 
Join us Monday, February 8th the Verizon Wireless Arena in Manchester, New Hampshire! #FITN #NHPolitics 
Big storm in New Hampshire. Moved my event to Monday. Will be there next four days.
Live Free or Die: A motto for the whole country to follow. #NewHampshire #FITN #VoteTrumpNH 
I very much look forward to tomorrows debate in New Hampshireso many things to say, so much at stake. It will be an incredible evening!
Heading to South Carolina, really big crowd! Will be back in New Hampshire tomorrow. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Really dumb Begged my people for a job. Turned her down twice and she went hostile. Major loser, zero credibility!
I told you so. Our country totally lost control of illegal immigration, even with criminals. 
I said this was happening long ago- I will stop this immediately! 
Wow, Jeb Bush, whose campaign is a total disaster, had to bring in mommy to take a slap at me. Not nice!
I love New Hampshire - will be an exciting evening!
Come join us at the Verizon Wireless Center- Manchester, New Hampshire on 2/8! Register now: 
I am on now! Tune in!
I will be on Meet the Press with Chuck Todd on NBC this morning. Enjoy! 
#GOPDebate #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #FITN 
Great to meet everyone while having breakfast this morning! #FITN #VoteTrumpNH 
We are going to have a big event at the Verizon Wireless Arena in Manchester, New Hampshire! 5K+! Join us tomorrow: 
Thank you Newt! 
I am in New Hampshire having a great time! Loved the #GOPDebate last night! Everybody enjoy the Super Bowl. #SuperBowlSunday #SB50
So far the Super Bowl is very boring - not nearly as exciting as politics - MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
My two wonderful sons, Don and Eric, will be on at 7:02 - now! Enjoy.
Everybody is laughing at Jeb Bush-spent $100 million and is at bottom of pack. A pathetic figure!
America needs strong leadership. Politicians can talk but they dont get things done. Video: 
Today's third stop- Londonderry, New Hampshire! Thank you! #FITN #VoteTrumpNH 
Now that Bush has wasted $120 million of special interest money on his failed campaign, he says he would end super PACs. Sad!
No-one has done more for people with disabilities than me. I have spent many millions of dollars to help out-and am happy to have done so!
I will be interviewed on at 8:40. A.M. Enjoy!
Thank you for a great night at the Verizon Wireless Arena- New Hampshire! #VoteTrumpNH #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #FITN 
A message to the great people of New Hampshire on this important day! #VoteTrumpNH Video: 
New Hampshire vote today - MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
We will immediately repeal and replace ObamaCare - and nobody can do that like me. We will save $'s and have much better healthcare!
Thank you, New Hampshire! Departing with my amazing family now! #FITN #NHPrimary 
Worthless, which dopey Mort Zuckerman, is desperately trying to sell, has no buyer! Liabilities are massive!
Like the worthless, looks like will be going out of business. Bad reporting- no money, no cred!
Such a great experience in New Hampshire - amazing people! Will be leaving for a big event in South Carolina today.
Big speech tonight in South Carolina - 7:00 P.M. Tremendous crowd!
I was referring to the fact that Jeb Bush wants to keep common core.
I have been consistent in my opposition to Common Core. Get rid of Common Core--- keep education local!
There are no buyers for the worthless but little Mort Zuckerman is frantically looking. It is bleeding red ink - a total loser!
showed a focus group on me using a very bad word. I never said the word, left an open blank. Please apologize!
Remember, it was the Republican Party, with the help of Conservatives, that made so many promises to their base, BUT DIDN'T KEEP THEM! Hi DT
He (or she) who hesitates is lost: MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Jeb failed as Jeb! He gave up and enlisted Mommy and his brother (who got us into the quicksand of Iraq). Spent $120 million.Weak-no chance!
Heading to Baton Rouge, Louisiana for a speech. Expecting a very large crowd! See you soon. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Cruz caught cold in lie after denial of push polls like lies w/ How can he preach Christian values? 
Just landed in Baton Rouge, Louisiana. Reports are out that lines are three quarters of a mile to get in. Wow! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
How can Ted Cruz be an Evangelical Christian when he lies so much and is so dishonest?
NEVADA! Tomorrow is the deadline to register Republican.Visit: from : 
The failing, destroyed by little Morty Zuckerman, is preparing to close and save face by going online. It's dead!
You must be registered Republican by February 16th to vote TRUMP in the Florida primary. 
After hearing the news that they would not be able to extort $1M from me, they went hostile w/ a series of incorrect &amp; ill-informed ads.
Last time lightweight tried to knock off he made a total fool of himself. If he doesn't do better this time, he is out!
Millions of $'s of false ads, paid for by lobbyists-special interests of cheater and sleepy, are now running in S.C.
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain! 
I will end illegal immigration and protect our borders! We need to MAKE AMERICA SAFE &amp; GREAT AGAIN!
11,000 inside venue tonight in Tampa! Broke record set by Elton John in 1988 w/out musical instruments! Another 5,000 outside. Will be back!
When little Morty Zuckerman closes his failing will I at least be given some credit? Will happen soon.
Word is that little Morty Zuckermans loses more than $50 million per year---can that be possible?
Just got back from Tampa. It was an amazing evening with an even more amazing crowd - fantastic people! Will be in South Carolina tomorrow.
I am the only one who can fix this. Very sad. Will not happen under my watch! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Now an additional 600-700 jobs in America (2,000) being eliminated for move to Mexico- Hartford Courant. 
A very big thank you to Bill Donohue, head of The Catholic League, for the wonderful interview on and article in Newsmax! Great insight
The totally unexpected loss of Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia is a massive setback for the Conservative movement and our COUNTRY!
Wow! Honored to be chosen by the highly respected + accurate Washington &amp; Lee Mock Convention. I hope you are right - I will make you proud!
Ted Cruz is a cheater! He holds the Bible high and then lies and misrepresents the facts!
Lightweight said tonight he didn't know his family used private eminent domain in Texas- Lie! #GOPDebate
Thank you! I miss my father. 
How can beat Hillary Clinton- if he can't beat anyone else on the #GOPDebate stage with $150M? I am the only one who can!
All polls have me winning debate big- Drudge, TIME, etc. Dopey Charles Krauthammer still nasty. He has zero cred- totally dishonest!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain! 
#GOPDebate #GoogleTrends 
This shows what a complete &amp; total liar Ted Cruz is- he said he wouldn't have nominated John Roberts. Really? 
Thank you for your support! TOGETHER we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
Loved the debate last night, and almost everyone said I won, but the RNC did a terrible job of ticket distrbution. All donors &amp; special ints
Ted Cruz, along with Jeb Bush, pushed Justice John Roberts onto the Supreme Court. Roberts could have killed ObamaCare twice, but didn't!
Funny that Jeb(!) didn't want help from his family in his failed campaign and didn't even want to use his last name.Then mommy, now brother!
Now that George Bush is campaigning for Jeb(!), is he fair game for questions about World Trade Center, Iraq War and eco collapse? Careful!
Jeb used Eminent Domain &amp; took advantage of a disabled vet in the process. (2/2)
Thank you for your continued support! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
What a night! 10,000 amazing supporters in Greenville, South Carolina! THANK YOU! VOTE on Saturday! #VoteTrumpSC 
New South Carolina poll from PPP. Thank you! #VoteTrumpSC 
Spent the full day at meetings and a major rally yesterday in South Carolina. Great people and spirit. Today will be more of the same.
New PPP Poll just out - Trump up big, Cruz, Rubio and Bush down. The debate results, even with a stacked RNC audience, were wonderful!
Thank you! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Just sat down for a great interview with in Greenville today. Watch at 5pm. An amazing day in South Carolina! #VoteTrumpSC
Thank you to the 2,500+ in North Augusta, South Carolina. Lines down the block! Don't forget to VOTE on Saturday! 
Thank you for your nice words - great knowledge and style! We are doing really well in South Carolina. 
Why does devote so much time on her shows to me, almost always negative? Without me her ratings would tank. Get a life Megyn!
is so biased it is disgusting. They do not want Trump to win. All negative!
Just out Nevada poll shows Jeb Bush at 1%, he should take his dumb mouthpiece,, and just go home.
Jeb Bush just got contact lenses and got rid of the glasses. He wants to look cool, but it's far too late. 1% in Nevada!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Join us tomorrow in Kiawah, South Carolina! #SCPrimary #VoteTrumpSC 
I love being in South Carolina. We are leading big in all of the State polls - Saturday is a BIG day. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
New CBS National Poll just out - massive lead for Trump. The Wall Street Journal/NBC Poll is a total joke. No wonder WSJ is doing so badly!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Thank you South Carolina! Together, WE WILL MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! #VoteTrumpSC 
I agree with Marco Rubio that Ted Cruz is a liar!
Thank you South Carolina! Everyone get out and vote tomorrow! We will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! 
I will replace it with private plans, health savings accounts, &amp; allow purchasing across state lines. Maximum choice &amp; freedom for consumer.
I have built so many great &amp; complicated projects- creating tens of thousands of jobs-video: 
I use both iPhone &amp; Samsung. If Apple doesn't give info to authorities on the terrorists I'll only be using Samsung until they give info.
Boycott all Apple products until such time as Apple gives cellphone info to authorities regarding radical Islamic terrorist couple from Cal
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Remember that Marco Rubio is very weak on illegal immigration. South Carolina needs strength as illegals and Syrians pour in. Don't allow it
South Carolina voters have the future of our country in their hands. Vote now (today), and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
People (pundits) gave me no chance in South Carolina. Now it looks like a possible win. I would be happy with a one vote victory! (HOPE)
Thank you for your amazing help and support. Big win, leaving now for Atlanta and Nevada.The people of South Carolina got it!
I will be live on all of the major morning talk shows. Enjoy!
The failing Wall Street Journal should fire both its pollster and its Editorial Board. Seldom has a paper been so wrong.Totally biased!
A quote was read from a parody account last night on MSNBC re: Jeb. 
A number of months ago, I was not expected to win South Carolina,Ted Cruz was, and yet I won in a landslide - every group and category. WIN!
The reason that Ted Cruz lost the Evangelicals in S.C. is because he is a world class LIAR, and Evangelicals do not like liars!
I hear the Rickets family, who own the Chicago Cubs, are secretly spending $'s against me. They better be careful, they have a lot to hide!
Many people are now saying I won South Carolina because of the last debate. I showed anger and the people of our country are very angry!
Thank you for your endorsement ! #BikersForTrump #VoteTrumpNV Video: 
It is so important to audit The Federal Reserve, and yet Ted Cruz missed the vote on the bill that would allow this to be done.
Wow, Ted Cruz falsely suggested Marco Rubio mocked the Bible and was just forced to fire his Communications Director. More dirty tricks!
Ted Cruz has now apologized to Marco Rubio and Ben Carson for fraud and dirty tricks. No wonder he has lost Evangelical support!
Just saw the phony ad by Cruz - totally false, more dirty tricks. He got caught in so many lies - is this man crazy?
Ted Cruz should be disqualified from his fraudulent win in Iowa. Weak RNC and Republican leadership probably won't let this happen! Sad.
I will be on tonight- from Las Vegas, Nevada at 10pmE. Enjoy! #Hannity 
Thank you Illinois! Great news! #VoteTrumpIL on 3/15! Trump 28% Cruz 15% Rubio 14% Kasich 13% Bush 8% Carson 6% Simon Poll/SIU
Just watched the very incompetent Mitt Romney Campaign Strategist, Stuart Stevens. Now I know why Mitt lost so badly. Stevens is a clown!
WOW! Thank you Massachusetts! See you soon. #VoteTrumpMA
Great poll! Thank you North Carolina! #VoteTrumpNC on 3/15! Trump 36% Cruz 18% Rubio 18% Carson 10% Kasich 7% Via 
Thank you Michigan! #VoteTrumpMITrump 35% Kasich 17% Cruz 12% Rubio 12% Carson 9%: ARG
Thank you Vermont! #VoteTrumpVT 
Great Town Hall tonight at 10:00 P.M. (Eastern) conducted by on 
A big fat hit job on tonight. A total waste of time to watch, boring and biased. said I would never run, a dope!
Ted Cruz said on that illegals sent out of country by my administration would come right back as citizens. Another lie-crazy!
THANK YOU LAS VEGAS, NEVADA! #NevadaCaucus #VoteTrumpNV 
Ted Cruz only talks tough on immigration now because he did so badly in S.C. He is in favor of amnesty and weak on illegal immigration.
Ted Cruz lifts the Bible high into the air and then lies like a dog-over and over again! The Evangelicals in S.C. figured him out &amp; said no!
Join us in Sparks, Nevada today! #NevadaCaucus #VoteTrumpNV 
Unlike the other Republican candidates, I will be in Nevada all day and night - I won't be fleeing, in and out. I love &amp; invest in Nevada!
Wow, great Ohio poll. Shows me leading by 5 points, beating K!
Club for Growth is the group that came to my office seeking $1 million dollars. I told them no and now they are doing negative ads.
Thank you Sparks, Nevada! #VoteTrumpNV #NevadaCaucus Finder:  
GO VOTE FROM NOW TO 8:30 P.M. NEVADA. I WILL BE AT VARIOUS CAUCUS SITES. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Exclusive interview w/ my wife - tomorrow morning 8amE on w/ Enjoy! 
Make sure you get on the Trump line and are not mislead by the Cruz people. They are bad! BE CAREFUL.
THANK YOU NEVADA! WE WILL MAKE AMERICA SAFE &amp; GREAT AGAIN! 
THANK YOU NEVADA! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! Username: realdonaldtrump 
did great on television this morning. Poised, smart and strong, with a big heart - so much to offer. We are all proud of you!
Poll and say that I beat both Hillary and Bernie, and I havn't even started on them yet!
I am self funding my campaign &amp; don't owe anybody anything! I only owe it to the American people! Watch: 
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
The polls show that I picked up many Jeb Bush supporters. That is how I got to 46%. When others drop out, I will pick up more. Sad but true
Mitt Romney,who totally blew an election that should have been won and whose tax returns made him look like a fool, is now playing tough guy
Texas, Georgia &amp; many more VOTE EARLY! This is a movement! VOTE VIDEO: 
Why doesnt just endorse already.Should have done it before NH or Nevada where he had a little sway. Too latenow!
Signing a recent tax return- isn't this ridiculous? 
Thank you Illinois! 
Early on Ted Cruz said that if he didn't win South Carolina, it's over. He didn't win- and lost to me in a landslide!
Failed presidential candidate was made to look like a fool by Senator Harry Reid &amp; didn't release his tax returns until 9/21/12.
Thank you! #GOPDebate Polls #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Big day in Texas tomorrow! Having a rally in Fort Worth. Tremendous crowd. Will be exciting! 
I will be making a speech at 12:00 in Fort Worth, Texas. Really big crowd expected. Will be talking about the debate last night-plus, plus!
Why would the people of Florida vote for Marco Rubio when he defrauded them by agreeing to represent them as their Senator and then quit!
Will be at Fort Worth (Texas) Convention Center at 11:30 A.M. Big crowd - get there early! Big announcement to be made!
Wow, every poll said I won the debate last night. Great honor!
Lightweight Marco Rubio was working hard last night. The problem is, he is a choker, and once a choker, always a choker! Mr. Meltdown.
They don't like Rubio in Florida- he left them high &amp; dry. Doesn't even show up for votes!
Never let them see you sweat! 
Thank you Texas! 10,000 amazing supporters! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Thank you Pastor Robert Jeffress! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
I will be on at 8:30 A.M. Will be talking about lightweight Marco Rubio and lying Ted Cruz!
I unfairly get audited by the I.R.S. almost every single year. I have rich friends who never get audited. I wonder why?
Tax experts throughout the media agree that no sane person would give their tax returns during an audit. After the audit, no problem!
I started my business with very little and built it into a great company, with some of the best real estate assets in the World. Amazing!
. #RogerStone was just banned by - their loss! Tough, loyal guy.
It was an honor to be the Grand Marshall- in the Salute to Israel Parade back in 2004. 
Incredibly proud of my son &amp; his efforts on behalf of in Memphis, TN. 
THANK YOU Arkansas! Get out &amp; #VoteTrump on Tuesday. We will MAKE AMERICA SAFE &amp; GREAT AGAIN! 
We need to fix our broken education system! #StopCommonCore #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Video: 
While Hillary and I both won South Carolina by big margins, Repubs got far more votes with a massive increase from past cycles.GROWING PARTY
I am the only Republican who will get large numbers of Dems and Indies (crossover). I will also get states that no other Republican can get.
Making a big speech in Alabama today. So many people we had to move to a football stadium! Come and join us!
Why would the people of Texas support Ted Cruz when he has accomplished absolutely nothing for them. He is another all talk, no action pol!
Mitt Romney didn't show his tax return until SEPTEMBER 21, 2012, and then only after being humiliated by Harry R! A bad messenger for estab!
Little Marco Rubio, the lightweight no show Senator from Florida is just another Washington politician. 
Little Marco Rubio is just another Washington D.C. politician that is all talk and no action. #RobotRubio 
Thank you ! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
My sons, Don and Eric, are on now 7:35. Great kids, enjoy!
Thank you America! Get out &amp; VOTE tomorrow! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Join me in Columbus, Ohio tomorrow! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
I am self funding my campaign and only work for YOU, the American people! Video: 
#TrumpInstagram: 
Trump University has a 98% approval rating. I could have settled but won't out of principle!
Phony Rubio commercial. I could have settled, but won't out of principle! See student surveys. 
Thank you Brian France, Bill Elliott,,, &amp; ! #NASCAR #VoteTrump
Great news- Former Mayor of Dallas, Tom Leppert, has just endorsed me! Thank you! Tomorrow is a big day- VOTE! #VoteTrump #SuperTuesday
Thank you Georgia! 15,000 amazing supporters tonight! Everyone get out &amp; #VoteTrump tomorrow! #SuperTuesday 
Got the endorsement of Brian France and yesterday in Georgia. Also, many of the sports great drivers. Thank you Nascar and Georgia!
Thank you Columbus, Ohio! 
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Wow! Thank you Louisville, Kentucky! #VoteTrump on 3/5/2016! Lets #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! 
Thank you Georgia! #SuperTuesday
Thank you Massachusetts! #SuperTuesday
Thank you Tennessee! #SuperTuesday
Thank you Alabama! #SuperTuesday
Thank you Virginia! #SuperTuesday
Thank you Arkansas! #SuperTuesday
Thank you Vermont! #SuperTuesday
The special interests and people who control our politicians (puppets) are spending $25 million on misleading and fraudulent T.V. ads on me.
Why would anyone in Florida vote for lightweight Senator Marco Rubio. Check out his credit card scam, his house sale &amp; his no show voting!
Marco Rubio lost big last night. I even beat him in Virginia, where he spent so much time and money. Now his bosses are desperate and angry!
My wife will be #OnTheRecord w/ tonight at 7pmE on Enjoy! 
poll just hit 49% for Trump. Interesting how my numbers have gone so far up since lightweight Marco Rubio has turned nasty. Love it!
Failed Presidential Candidate Mitt Romney is having a news conference tomorrow to criticize me. (1/2)
Just another desperate move by the man who should have easily beaten Barrack Obama. (2/2)
I would love to see the Republican party and everyone get together- and unify.Video: 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgainVideo: 
Because of me, the Republican Party has taken in millions of new voters, a record. If they are not careful, they will all leave. Sad!
Millions of dollars being spent on false TV ads by special interest groups who own Rubio &amp; Cruz.When you see them think of your puppet POLS
Looks like two-time failed candidate Mitt Romney is going to be telling Republicans how to get elected. Not a good messenger!
The phony lawsuit against Trump U could have been easily settled by me but I want to go to court. 98% approval rating by students. Easy win
Go to Trump Doral in Miami and watch the World Golf Championship! On NOW!
Will miss tonight at the #GOPDebate. I hope all of Ben's followers will join the #TrumpTrain. We will never forget.
On my way to see the great people of Maine. Will be landing in Portland in 2 hours. Look forward to it!
THANK YOU PORTLAND, Maine! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Rubio puts out ad that my pilot was a drug dealer- not true, not my pilot! Guy owned helicopter company- don't think I ever even used.
The Better Business Bureau report, with an A rating for Trump University. #GOPDebate 
MY POSITION ON VISAS #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Thank you America! 
Thank you Cadillac, Michigan! #VoteTrumpMI on 3/8/2016. We will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
Join me in Wichita, Kansas tomorrow morning! Looking forward to it! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Thank you New Orleans, Louisiana! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #VoteTrump 
Join me in Wichita, Kansas tomorrow morning! Looking forward to it! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Great time last night in Louisiana. Big and energetic crowd. Go out and vote now, polls open. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
For all of today's voters please remember that I am the only candidate that is self funding my campaign, I am not bought and paid for!
Wow, big lines in Kansas.
Why would anyone in Kentucky listen to failed presidential candidate Rand Paul re: caucus. Made a fool of himself (1%.)KY his 2nd choice!
Thank you Kansas! Thousands of people inside- and thousands outside who couldn't get into the hall. Really amazing! #CaucusForTrump
#CaucusForTrump 
Thank you, Kansas! The line going into the Orlando event is over a mile long. Massive crowd expected. Leaving Kansas now, be there soon!
was a disaster candidate who had no guts and choked! Romney is a total joke, and everyone knows it!
Romney's failed advisors, like campaign mgr Stuart Stevens are all over TV telling people how to win. But they lost- don't know how to win!
I am watching two clown announcers on as they try to build up failed presidential candidate #LittleMarco. Fox News is in the bag!
Thank you Willie Robertson! #VoteTrump #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
I will be at the Cadillac World Golf Championship in Miami tomorrow! Rory, Phil, Bubba, Adam, and Dustin all at the top!
is devastated that lightweight Senator Marco Rubio got trounced tonight and is the big loser. I won the two big states, great!
I will be interviewed on this morning. Enjoy! 
FLORIDA: Do not miss this opportunity to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! Thank you : 
Fraud lightweight Marco made a TV ad on TrumpU featuring 2 people who signed these letters: 
I am at Trump National Doral-best resort in U.S. Rory and Adam Scott are doing great! Watch on NBC at 3:00 P.M. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
and did a 1 hour hit job on me today - totally biased and mostly false. Dishonest media!
All of the phony T.V. commercials against me are bought and payed for by SPECIAL INTEREST GROUPS, the bandits that tell your pols what to do
How do you fight millions of dollars of fraudulent commercials pushing for crooked politicians? I will be using Facebook &amp; Twitter. Watch!
Failed presidential candidate Lindsey Graham should respect me. I destroyed his run, brought him from 7% to 0% when he got out. Now nasty!
Lindsey Graham is all over T.V., much like failed 47% candidate Mitt Romney. These nasty, angry, jealous failures have ZERO credibility!
We cannot let the failing REPUBLICAN ESTABLISHMENT, who could not stop Obama (twice), ruin the MOVEMENT with millions of $'s in false ads!
I will be using Facebook and Twitter to expose dishonest lightweight Senator Marco Rubio. A record no-show in Senate, he is scamming Florida
Congratulation to Adam Scott and all of the folks at Trump National Doral on producing a really great WGC Tournament. Amazing finish!
Leaving for North Carolina. Big crowd, will be fun!
Don't believe the millions of dollars of phony television ads by lightweight Rubio and the R establishment. Dishonest people!
It was great being in Michigan. Remember, I am the only presidential candidate who will bring jobs back to the U.S.and protect car industry!
Thank you Idaho! I love your potatoes- nobody grows them better. As President, I will protect your market. 
New ad concerning lightweight Senator Marco Rubio: 
I will be interviewed by tonight at 10pm EST on ! Enjoy!
Cruz came to Mississippi, there was nobody there, he left the state. I had a rally in Madison, MS with 10,000! Thank you!
I employ many people in Hawaii at my great hotel in Honolulu. Ill be there very soon. Vote for me, Hawaii!
Ted Cruz Was For Welcoming Syrian Refugees Before He Was Against It
The Club for Growth is a very dishonest group. They represent conservative values terribly &amp; are bad for America. 
Thank you ! 
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Sun Sentinel says: Rubio lacks the experience, work ethic and gravitas needed to be president. HE HAS NOT EARNED YOUR VOTE!
Remember, I am the only one who is self-funding my campaign. All of the other candidates are bought and paid for by special interests!
Mitt Romney had his chance and blew it. Lindsey Graham ran for president, got ZERO, and quit! Why are they now spokesmen against me? Sad!
#VoteTrumpHI!
Hawaii::::
I hear / came out with another one of their phony polls. While I am leading, they are totally discredited after last S.C. poll
Word is I am doing very well in Michigan and Mississippi! Wow, and with all that money spent against me! Will be going to Trump Jupiter now!
Thank you! 
Thank you Mississippi!
Thank you Michigan!
Thank you Hawaii!
Phony Club For Growth tried to shake me down for one million dollars, &amp; is now putting out nasty negative ads on me. They are total losers!
Keep lightweight Marco and his friends out of the White House. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Wow, you are all correct about - totally biased and disgusting reporting.
Thank you Mark. #GOPDebate 
Thank you! #GOPDebate 

Great news! Thank you Governor Ralph DLG Torres! 
The organized group of people, many of them thugs, who shut down our First Amendment rights in Chicago, have totally energized America!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
The rally in Cincinnati is ON. Media put out false reports that it was cancelled! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
We are asking law enforcement to check for dishonest early voting in Florida- on behalf of little Marco Rubio. No way to run a country!
The last person that Hillary or Bernie want to run against is Donald Trump --- and that is fact!
Just finished my second speech. 20K in Dayton &amp; 25K in Cleveland- perfectly behaved crowd. Thanks- I love you, Ohio! 
#EndCommonCoreVideo: 
Do the people of Ohio know that John Kasich is STRONGLY in favor of Common Core! In other words, education of your children from D.C. No way
USSS did an excellent job stopping the maniac running to the stage. He has ties to ISIS. Should be in jail!
Wow, Kasich didn't qualify to run in the state of Pennsylvania, not enough signatures. Big problem!
Bernie Sanders is lying when he says his disruptors aren't told to go to my events. Be careful Bernie, or my supporters will go to yours!
Thank you Kevin. With unification of the party, Republican wins will be massive! 
Carly Fiorina- I agree! Ted Cruz is just another politician. All talk- no action!
The failing is truly one of the worst newspapers. They knowingly write lies and never even call to fact check. Really bad people!
Just received from Thank you Pete! #VoteTrump on Tuesday Ohio! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Look forward to being in Tampa this afternoon. Wonderful crowds. Thank you, Florida!
Leaving the great people of North Carolina. Amazing event. Heading to Tampa now! #VoteTrump
Kasich has helped decimate the coal and steel industries in Ohio. I will bring them back! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Sadly, this kind of stuff even happened to Ronald Reagan. There is nothing nice about it! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
I will bring our jobs back to America, fix our military and take care of our vets, end Common Core and ObamaCare, protect 2nd A, build WALL
Good morning Ohio! Some additional information from my daughter, ! #VoteTrump #SuperTuesday 
Just in, big news- I have been declared the winner of the CNMI Rep Caucus with 72.8% of the vote! Thank you! #SuperTuesday #VoteTrump
North Carolina lost 300,000 manufacturing jobs and Ohio lost 400,000 since 2000. Going to Mexico etc. NO MORE IF I WIN, WE WILL BRING BACK!
#VoteTrump #SuperTuesdayFloridaIllinoisMissouriNorth CarolinaOhio #TrumpTrain 
A lot of complaints from people saying my name is not on the ballot in various places in Florida? Hope this is false.
Word is that, despite a record amount spent on negative and phony ads, I had a massive victory in Florida. Numbers out soon!
Thank you, Florida! #SuperTuesday #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Watching other networks and local news. Really good night! Crazy is unwatchable.
Thank you Marco, I agree! 
Will be interviewed on at 7:00 A.M. Big wins last night!
Will be interviewed on at 7:40. ENJOY!
I will be interviewed on at 8:30 A.M. ENJOY!
You were great last night and we all very much appreciate it! Thank you!
Is this what we want for a President? 
Yesterday was amazing5 victories. Lyin Ted Cruzhad zero. Things are going very well!
In the last 2 weeks, I had $35M of negative ads against me in Florida &amp; I won in a massive landslide.The establishment should save their $$!
Stuart Stevens, the failed campaign manager of Mitt Romney's historic loss, is now telling the Republican Party what to do with Trump. Sad!
Crazy supposedly had lyin' Ted Cruz on her show last night. Ted is desperate and his lying is getting worse. Ted can't win!
Great news that has cancelled the additional debate. How many times can the same people ask the same question? I beat Cruz debating
Crazy is now complaining that did not defend her against me - yet her bad show is a total hit piece on me.Tough!
The reason lyin' Ted Cruz has lost so much of the evangelical vote is that they are very smart and just don't tolerate liars-a big problem!
Please explain to the dummies at the Editorial Board that I love to debate and have won, according to Drudge etc., all 11 of them!
Looking like my 5 victories on Tuesday will be just as good as if I won Ohio. Two more days and Ohio was mine!
Who should star in a reboot of Liar Liar- Hillary Clinton or Ted Cruz? Let me know. 
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Join us in Salt Lake City, Utah- tonight! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Lyin' Ted Cruz lost all five races on Tuesday-and he was just given the jinx - a Lindsey Graham endorsement. Also backed Jeb. Lindsey got 0!
Senator made horrible statements about - and then he endorsed him. No wonder nobody trusts politicians!
got fired like a dog from RedStateand now he is the one leading opposition against me.
With millions of dollars of negative and phony ads against me by the establishment, my numbers continue to go up. Can anyone explain this?
Club For Growth tried to extort $1,000,000 from me. When I said NO, they went hostile with negative ads. Disgraceful!
Club for Growth letter- trying to extort $1,000,000.00 from me. Remember, I said- NO! 
Going to Salt Lake City, Utah, for a big rally. Lyin' Ted Cruz should not be allowed to win there - Mormons don't like LIARS! I beat Hillary
Failed Presidential Candidate Mitt Romney was campaigning with John Kasich &amp; Marco Rubio, and now he is endorsing Ted Cruz. 1/2
Mitt Romney is a mixed up man who doesn't have a clue. No wonder he lost!
Join me tomorrow! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Thank you Arizona- I love you! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Everybody should boycott the show. Never worth watching. Always a hit on Trump! She is sick, &amp; the most overrated person on tv.
Why haven't they released the final Missouri victory for us yet? Could it be because Cruz's guy runs Missouri?
Just leaving Salt Lake City, Utah- fantastic crowd with no interruptions. Love Utah- will be back!
Heading to Phoneix. Will be arriving soon. Tomorrow a big day. Tremendous crowds expected! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
While I have never met of the NY Times, I consider him one of the dumbest of all pundits- he has no sense of the real world!
Reading of the NY Times is a total waste of time, he is a clown with no awareness of the world around him- dummy!
Landing in Phoenix now. Tomorrow's events will be amazing!
Crazy says I don't (won't) go on her show and she still gets good ratings. But almost all of her shows are negative hits on me!
If crazy didn't cover me so much on her terrible show, her ratings would totally tank. She is so average in so many ways!
THANK YOU ARIZONA! 20,000 amazing supporters! Get out and #VoteTrump on Tuesday. I love you! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
.- Just watched you on #WattersWorld with a large group of people. Everybody loves you- two amazing people!
.- Watching your show from Arizona where we just had a big rally. It is fantastic- everybody loves it! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Thank you- Tucson, Arizona! A great afternoon with 6,000 supporters! #VoteTrump on Tuesday! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
THANK YOU ARIZONA! Get out and #VoteTrump on Tuesday! #AZPrimary #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
The rallies in Utah and Arizona were great! Tremendous crowds and spirit. Just returned but will be going back soon.
Will be interviewed on this morning. Enjoy!
So the highly overrated anchor,, is allowed to constantly say bad things about me on her show, but I can't fight back? Wrong!
Wow, President Obama just landed in Cuba, a big deal, and Raul Castro wasn't even there to greet him. He greeted Pope and others. No respect
Do you all remember how beautiful and safe a place Brussels was. Not anymore, it is from a different world! U.S. must be vigilant and smart!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Watch this clip from earlier this year. Time &amp; time again I have been right about terrorism. Its time to get tough! 
My heart &amp; prayers go out to all of the victims of the terrible #Brussels tragedy. This madness must be stopped, and I will stop it.
#ArizonaPrimary message from ! #AZPrimary #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Obama, and all others, have been so weak, and so politically correct, that terror groups are forming and getting stronger! Shame.
Incompetent Hillary, despite the horrible attack in Brussels today, wants borders to be weak and open-and let the Muslims flow in. No way!
Thank you, Arizona! #WesternTuesday #TrumpTrain 
Hopefully the Republican Party can come together and have a big WIN in November, paving the way for many great Supreme Court Justices!
Lyin' Ted Cruz denied that he had anything to do with the G.Q. model photo post of Melania. That's why we call him Lyin' Ted!
Thank you, Arizona! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #TrumpTrain 
Lyin Ted Cruz steals foreign policy from me, and lines from Michael Douglas just another dishonest politician.
While I believe I will clinch before Cleveland and get more than 1237 delegates, it is unfair in that there have been so many in the race!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
N.A.T.O. is obsolete and must be changed to additionally focus on terrorism as well as some of the things it is currently focused on!
We pay a disproportionate share of the cost of N.A.T.O. Why? It is time to renegotiate, and the time is now!
It is amazing how often I am right, only to be criticized by the media. Illegal immigration, take the oil, build the wall, Muslims, NATO!
Explain how the women on The View, which is a total disaster since the great Barbara Walters left, ever got their jobs. is wasting time
Just announced that as many as 5000 ISIS fighters have infiltrated Europe. Also, many in U.S. I TOLD YOU SO! I alone can fix this problem!
Endorsements for Lyin' Ted Cruz- 
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
I didn't start the fight with Lyin'Ted Cruz over the GQ cover pic of Melania, he did. He knew the PAC was putting it out - hence, Lyin' Ted!
The press is going out of their way to convince people that I do not like or respect women, when they know that it is just the opposite!
Lyin' Ted Cruz is now trying to convince prople that his problems with The National Enq.were caused by me. I had NOTHING to do with story!
Wisconsin's economy is doing poorly and like everywhere else in U.S., jobs are leaving. I will make our economy strong again - bring in jobs
Don't believe the Polls, they are just another phony hit job on me. I will beat Hillary Clinton easily in the General Election.
Wow, sleepy eyes is at it again. He is do totally biased. The things I am saying are correct. - far better vision than the others
My statement on NATO being obsolete and disproportionately too expensive (and unfair) for the U.S. are now, finally, receiving plaudits!
Happy Easter to all, have a great day!
Why can't the pundits be honest? Hopefully we are all looking for a strong and great country again. I will make it strong and great! JOBS!
Just to show you how unfair Republican primary politics can be, I won the State of Louisiana and get less delegates than Cruz-Lawsuit coming
The United States cannot continue to make such bad, one-sided trade deals. There are only so many jobs we can give up. No more!
I will be interviewed on at 7:30. Things are looking good, had a great Easter-look forward to spending the week in Wisconsin!
After the way I beat Gov. Scott Walker (and Jeb, Rand, Marco and all others) in the Presidential Primaries, no way he would ever endorse me!
Lyin' Ted, I have already beaten you in all debates, and am way ahead of you in votes and delegates. You should focus on jobs &amp; illegal imm!
We need to secure our borders ASAP. No games, we must be smart, tough and vigilant. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN &amp; MAKE AMERICA STRONG AGAIN!
I have millions more votes/hundreds more dels than Cruz or Kasich, and yet am not being treated properly by the Republican Party or the RNC.
How come the &amp; show the new Poll for Hillary vs Bernie but do not show the SAME poll where I am killing Cruz?
Wow, Corey Lewandowski, my campaign manager and a very decent man, was just charged with assaulting a reporter. Look at tapes-nothing there!
Why aren't people looking at this reporters earliest statement as to what happened, that is before she found out the episode was on tape?
Victory press conference was over. Why is she allowed to grab me and shout questions? Can I press charges? 
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Trump defends campaign manager charged for bruising a reporter:
THANK YOU, NEW YORK! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Please keep your thoughts &amp; prayers with Melissa Young- Miss Wisconsin 2005. 
Congratulations to for having the wisdom to pick TRUMP! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Thank you- Appleton, Wisconsin! #WIPrimary 
Just had a very nice meeting with Priebus and the Looking forward to bringing the Party together --- and it will happen!
THANK YOU, WISCONSIN! #VoteTrump next Tuesday, April 5th! #WIPrimary 
THANK YOU, NEW YORK! 
The Club For Growth,which asked me for $1,000,000 in an extortion attempt, just put up a Wisconsin ad with incorrect math.What a dumb group!
The Club For Growth said in their ad that 465 delegates (Cruz) plus 143 delegates (Kasich) is more than my 739 delegates. Try again!
The National Border Patrol Council (NBPC) said that our open border is the biggest physical &amp; economic threat facing the American people!
For the 1st time in American history, Americas 16,500 border patrol agents have issue a presidential primary endorsementme! Thank you.
We must build a great wall between Mexico and the United States! 
Can you believe that Ted Cruz, who has been killing our country on trade for so long, just put out a Wisconsin ad talking about trade?
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
If stopped covering me on her show, her ratings would drop like a rock! My h to h interview with beat her by millions!
I will be in Wisconsin until the election. Jobs, trade and immigration will be big factors. I will bring jobs back home - make great deals!
Wisconsin has suffered a great loss of jobs and trade, but if I win, all of the bad things happening in the U.S. will be rapidly reversed!
Join me on Monday, April 4th in Milwaukee! #WIPrimaryTickets: 
Great honor to have General Counsel, #JohnRyder as a Trump delegate in TN. RNC meeting well worth it! Unifying the party!
A GREAT DAY IN WISCONSIN! Thank you #Racine &amp; #Wausau! Just arrived in #EauClaire! #WIPrimary #TrumpTrain 
I will be interviewed by on tomorrow morning. Enjoy!
Thank you! #WIPrimary 
Thank you New York, and Pennsylvania! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
I will be in Milwaukee, Wisconsin- tomorrow at 7pmE with Join us! #WIPrimary 
Congratulations to for winning the We are all proud of you &amp; all clubs! Great going!
A great day in Wisconsin, many stops, many great people! Melania is joining me on Monday. Big crowds. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Congratulations Jim Herman! We are all proud of you !
Will be interviewed on on from #Wisconsin tonight. My wife, Melania, will join me for the entire show.
Wow, great news from Wisconsin. Just made two speeches there with a big one coming tonight. Thank you! 
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I will be on - tonight at 10pmE w/, from Wisconsin. Enjoy! #WIPrimary 
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Good morning Wisconsin! The polls are now open! #VoteTrump today &amp; we will MakeAmericaGreatAgain! 
Wisconsin, we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Wow, is in total disarray with almost everybody quitting. Goodnews -- bad, dishonest journalists! 
Still time to get out and VOTE! #WIPrimary #MAGA
Unbelievable evening. Just made a speech in front 17,000 amazing New Yorkers in Bethpage, Long Island--- great to be home!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Ted Cruz attacked New Yorkers and New York values- we don't forget! 
So great to be in New York. Catching up on many things (remember, I am still running a major business while I campaign) and loving it!
Jennifer is a terrific person. 
Looks like I was right about NATO. I had no doubt. 
Nobody beats me on National Security. 
Donald TrumpThe Disrupter will air on Saturday night and Sunday night at 8 PM ET. Anchored by 
Isn't it a shame that the person who will have by far the most delegates and many millions more votes than anyone else, me, still must fight
Bernie Sanders says that Hillary Clinton is unqualified to be president. Based on her decision making ability, I can go along with that!
A great honor to visit the 9/11 Memorial Museum with my wife,, today. #NewYorkValues 
The purposely covers me so inaccurately. I want other nations to pay the U.S. for our defense of them. We are the suckers-no more!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Colorado Trump Delegates Scratched from Ballots at GOP Convention 
Why does the liberal media think Bill O'Reilly () is a complete and total vulgarian? I don't think so!
A very interesting piece, by a very good writer, of and 
Tune in &amp; join me live in Albany, New York! 7pmE start time! I love you New York! #TrumpTrain 
WOW, great new poll- New York! Thank you for your support! #NewYorkValues 
THANK YOU California, Maryland, New York, and Pennsylvania! See you soon! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
I LOVE NEW YORK! #NewYorkValues 
Great to be on tonight with my wonderful family. Will be rebroadcast at 12:00 A.M. (EASTERN).
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Join me in Pittsburgh- tonight at 7pmE! #TrumpTrainTickets: 
Will be interviewed by on tonight at 10pm from Pennsylvania. Enjoy! 
Biggest story in politics is now happening in the great State of Colorado where over one million people have been precluded from voting!
Thank you Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I will be interviewed on at 9:00 A.M. I will be talking about the rigged and boss controlled Republican primaries!
#ICYMI: this morning. 
Just arrived in Syracuse, NY. Big crowd, great place! We will bring back the desperately needed jobs. #NYPrimary 
THANK YOU, SYRACUSE! #NYPrimary 
See you tomorrow Dutchess County, New York! #NYPrimary #TrumpTrain 
Thank you California, Connecticut, Maryland, and Pennsylvania! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #NYPrimary 
I'll be in one of my favorite places this morning, Staten Island. Big crowd, will be fun!
Lyin' Ted Cruz will never be able to beat Hillary. Despite a rigged delegate system, I am hundreds of delegates ahead of him.
Lyin' Ted Cruz can't get votes (I am millions ahead of him) so he has to get his delegates from the Republican bosses. It won't work!
I would have millions of votes more than Hillary except for the fact that I had 17 opponents and she just had a socialist named Bernie!
Thank you, California! Will see you soon! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
New York, we will make America great again! 
Lyin Ted Cruz even voted against Superstorm Sandy aid and September 11th help. So many New Yorkers devastated. Cruz hates New York!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #NYPrimary
I am on at 7:00 A.M. ENJOY!
#ICYMI: closing speech inBuffalo, New York! #VoteTrumpNY
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Who did the House Task Force onUrgent Fiscal Issues call- when America needed HELP? 
1988 with Oprah- discussing why I would never rule out a run for #POTUS. #VoteTrumpNY #PrimaryDay 
is so negative it is impossible to watch. Terrible panel, angry haters. Bill O said such an amazing thing about me!
Thank you New York, I will never forget!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
Ted Cruz is mathematically out of winning the race. Now all he can do is be a spoiler, never a nice thing to do. I will beat Hillary!
Off to Indiana! 
Thank you Indiana! Will be back soon! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
I will be doing the with my wife, Melania, and the rest of my family in a major Town Hall. Hopefully, it will be fun! Enjoy.7A.M.
Senator Ted Cruz has been MATHEMATICALLY ELIMINATED from race. He said Kasich should get out for same reason. I think both should get out!
Cruz said Kasich should leave because he couldn't get to 1237. Now he can't get to 1237. Drop out LYIN' Ted.
I met Prince on numerous occasions. He was an amazing talent and wonderful guy. He will be greatly missed!
Thank you for the incredible support, Maryland! This is a movement! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Thank you Pennsylvania! 
Will be spending the day campaigning in Connecticut, another state where jobs are being stolen by other countries. I will stop this fast!
The Establishment and special interests are absolutely killing our country. Stop them now: 
Thank you Delaware! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #TrumpTrain 
Lynne Ryan -- just read your great story in the NY Times -- I am proud of you. Thanks! 
Congratulations to on his great ratings and ratings increase as reported by the today. Amazing job!
I had a great day campaigning in Connecticut. Looking for a big vote on Tuesday!
As soon as John Kasich is hit with negative ads, he will drop like a rock in the polls against Crooked Hillary Clinton. I will win!
Great job and advice on Thank you!
I will be in Maryland this afternoon for a major rally. Things are looking good for Tuesday!
I am happy to hear how badly the is doing. It is a seriously failing paper with readership which is way down. Becoming irrelevant!
Wow, just announced that Lyin' Ted and Kasich are going to collude in order to keep me from getting the Republican nomination. DESPERATION!
Lyin' Ted and Kasich are mathematically dead and totally desperate. Their donors &amp; special interest groups are not happy with them. Sad!
Lyin' Ted Cruz and 1 for 38 Kasich are unable to beat me on their own so they have to team up (collusion) in a two on one. Shows weakness!
Shows how weak and desperate Lyin' Ted is when he has to team up with a guy who openly can't stand him and is only 1 win and 38 losses.
Kasich just announced that he wants the people of Indiana to vote for him. Typical politician - can't make a deal work.
Thank you Warwick, Rhode Island! #RIPrimary #VoteTrump 
Thank you West Chester, Pennsylvania! #PAPrimary #VoteTrump 
Get out and VOTE tomorrow! We will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! #CTPrimary #DEPrimary #MDPrimary #PAPrimary #RIPrimary
Thank you Wilkes-Barre, Pennsylvania! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
Thank you &amp; 
Bernie Sanders has been treated terribly by the Democratsboth with delegates &amp; otherwise. He should show them, and run as an Independent!
How bad is the New York Timesthe most inaccurate coverage constantly. Always trying to belittle. Paper has lost its way!
Lets go Pennsylvania! #VoteTrump 
Six hours left to #VoteTrump Connecticut! 
You have until 8pm to #VoteTrump, Delaware! 
Thank you America! 
Thank you Pennsylvania! 
Thank you Connecticut! 
Thank you! WE will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
Thanks! 
Thanks Dave! 
Agreed! 
THANK YOU Connecticut, Delaware, Maryland, Pennsylvania, and Rhode Island! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Join me on - from Indianapolis, Indiana at 7pmE! Enjoy! 
I am in Indiana where we just had a great rally. Fantastic people! Staying at a Holiday Inn Express - new and clean, not bad!
Getting the strong endorsement of the great coach, Bobby Knight, has been a highlight of my stay in Indiana. Big speech tomorrow with Bobby!
I will be interviewed on the at 7:00 A.M. this morning. Enjoy!
Lyin' Ted Cruz, who can never beat Hillary Clinton and has NO path to victory, has chosen a V.P.candidate who failed badly in her own effort
I will be in Evansville, Indiana, with the great Bobby Knight (who last night endorsed me) at 12:00 this afternoon. See you there!
Heading to rally with Bobby now! See you soon!
Thank you Evansville, Indiana! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
I will be interviewed on with the legendary Coach Bobby Knight- tomorrow morning. Enjoy! #INDPrimary 
New York Yankees President, Randy Levine: 'End of the Republican Party' If Donald Trump Not Nominated. 
Thank you Costa Mesa, California! 31,000 people tonight with thousands turned away. I will be back! 
Wow, the ridiculous deal made between Lyin'Ted Cruz and 1 for 42 John Kasich has just blown up. What a dumb deal - dead on arrival!
Crooked Hillary Clinton, perhaps the most dishonest person to have ever run for the presidency, is also one of the all time great enablers!
We are now at 1001 delegates. We will win on the first ballot and are not wasting time and effort on other ballots because system is rigged!
Anderson, so amazing. Your mother is, and always has been, an incredible woman!
The economy is bad and getting worse-almost ZERO growth this quarter. Nobody can beat me on the economy (and jobs). MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN
Thank you Indiana! 
I watched Sen. Graham Why don't they say that I ran him out of the race like a little boy, and in the end he had no support?
Will be in Terre Haute, Indiana in a short while -- big rally! See you soon!
I am on with Chris Wallace- his 20th year anniversary with #FNS, throughout the day. Enjoy! 
is a failed Jeb Bushy. Never says anything good &amp; never will, even after I beat Hillary. Shouldn't be on the air!
Thank you Fort Wayne, Indiana! #INPrimary 
Join me in Carmel, Indiana- tomorrow at 4pm! #INPrimary 
I will be interviewed on at 7:30 A.M. Enjoy!
Gov Mike Pence has just stated that Donald Trump has taken a strong stance on Hoosier jobs, and he thanks me! I will bring back jobs to USA.
I will be campaigning in Indiana all day. Things are looking great, and the support of Bobby Knight has been so amazing. Today will be fun!
I will defeat Crooked Hillary Clinton on 11/8/2016. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Honored to have received the endorsement of Lou Holtz - a great guy! #INPrimary 
THANK YOU AMERICA! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Will be in South Bend, Indiana in a short while -- big rally! See you soon!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! #INPrimary #VoteTrump
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! #INPrimary #VoteTrump 
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! #VoteTrump 
Lyin' Ted Cruz consistently said that he will, and must, win Indiana. If he doesn't he should drop out of the race-stop wasting time &amp; money
Thank you Indiana! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
What a great evening we had. So interesting that Sanders beat Crooked Hillary. The dysfunctional system is totally rigged against him!
I would rather run against Crooked Hillary Clinton than Bernie Sanders and that will happen because the books are cooked against Bernie!
I will be interviewed on at 6:15 A.M. Enjoy!
I will be interviewed on and Good Morning America at 7:00 A.M.
I will be interviewed on at 7:30 A.M. Enjoy!
Many reports that I will be attending the Alvarez/Khan fight this weekend in Vegas. Totally untrue! Unfortunately I have other plans.
I will be interviewed by at 6pm ET tonight 
Happy #CincoDeMayo! The best taco bowls are made in Trump Tower Grill. I love Hispanics! 
Bernie Sanders has been treated terribly by the Democratsboth with delegates &amp; otherwise. He should show them, &amp; run as an Independent.
Join me tomorrow! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Omaha, Nebraska:, Oregon:
Thank you West Virginia. Let's keep it going. Go out and vote on Tuesday - we will win big.
Unlike crooked Hillary Clinton, who wants to destroy all miners, I want wages to go up in America. We will do so by bringing back jobs!
So many great endorsements yesterday, except for Paul Ryan! We must put America first and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Paul Ryan said that I inherited something very special, the Republican Party. Wrong, I didn't inherit it, I won it with millions of voters!
Crooked Hillary has ZERO leadership ability. As Bernie Sanders says, she has bad judgement. Constantly playing the women's card - it is sad!
Thank you to teachers across America! When I become POTUS we will make education a far more important component of our life than it is now.
Joe Scarborough initially endorsed Jeb Bush and Jeb crashed, then John Kasich and that didn't work. Not much power or insight!
I hear of rapidly fading is pushing hard for a third party candidate to run. This will guarantee a Crooked Hillary win.
Response to :
I hope corrupt Hillary Clinton chooses goofy Elizabeth Warren as her running mate. I will defeat them both.
Lets properly check goofy Elizabeth Warrens records to see if she is Native American. I say shes a fraud!
Goofy Elizabeth Warren, Hillary Clintons flunky, has a career that is totally based on a lie. She is not Native American.
Just met with courageous family of Sarah Root in Nebraska. Sarah was horribly killed by illegal immigrant, but leaves behind amazing legacy.
Crooked Hillary Clinton wants completely open borders. Millions of Democrats will run from her over this and support me.
Goofy Elizabeth Warren and her phony Native American heritage are on a Twitter rant. She is too easy! I'm driving her nuts.
Goofy Elizabeth Warren is weak and ineffective. Does nothing. All talk, no action -- maybe her Native American name?
Join me in Washington today! Spokane tickets: tickets: 
I am going to keep our jobs in the U.S., and totally rebuild our crumbling infrastructure. Crooked Hillary has no clue! 
I am honored that the great men and women of the have created a movement from within called Teamsters for Trump! Thank you.
Remember when the two failed presidential candidates, Lindsey Graham and Jeb Bush, signed a binding PLEDGE? They broke the deal, no honor!
thank you for your support tonight on 
#HappyMothersDay! 
I will be interviewed on This Week with George S this morning. Enjoy!
I will be interviewed on this morning. Enjoy!
Kellyanne, you were fantastic on today. Keep going - I will win for the people. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Crooked Hillary just can't close the deal with Bernie. It will be the same way with ISIS, and China on trade, and Mexico at the border. Bad!
On show now. ENJOY!
I will win the election against Crooked Hillary despite the people in the Republican Party that are currently and selfishly opposed to me!
I will be interviewed on at 7:00 A.M.
Russell Moore is truly a terrible representative of Evangelicals and all of the good they stand for. A nasty guy with no heart!
I will be interviewed on at 7:00 A.M.
Wow, I hear has gone really hostile ever since I said I won't do or watch the show anymore.They misrepresent my positions!
Will be interviewed by on at 7:30 A.M. Enjoy!
#WVPrimary #VoteTrump
#NEPrimary #VoteTrump
Crooked Hillary Clinton says that she got more primary votes than Donald Trump. But I had 17 people to beatshe had one!
If I only had 1 person running against me in the primaries like Hillary Clinton, I would have gotten 10 million more votes than she did!
I will have set the all time record in primary votes in the Republican party --despite having to compete against 17 other people!
I am lowering taxes far more than any other candidate. Any negotiated increase by Congress to my proposal would still be lower than current!
Get out and vote West Virginia, we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Get out and vote Nebraska, we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
. #RepMikeKelly Great job on this morning. Thank you for the nice words!
Why does the media, with a strong push from Crooked Hillary, keep pushing the false narrative that I want to raise taxes. Exactly opposite!
It was Rosie O'Donnell who ate the cake in the vicious Hillary commercial about me, not Crooked Hillary! 
It is only the people that were never asked to be VP that tell the press that they will not take the position.
NEBRASKA #VoteTrump TODAY! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
WEST VIRGINIA #VoteTrump TODAY! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
I look very much forward to meeting w/Paul Ryan &amp; the GOP Party Leadership on Thurs in DC. Together, we will beat the Dems at all levels!
It was so great being in Nebraska last week. Today is the big day--get out and vote!
Hillary has bad judgment! 
The Clintons spend millions on negative ads on me &amp; I cant tell the truth about her husband? Dont feel sorry for crooked Hillary!
Thank you West Virginia! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Thank you Nebraska! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Big wins in West Virginia and Nebraska. Get ready for November - Crooked Hillary, who is looking very bad against Crazy Bernie, will lose!
I don't want to hit Crazy Bernie Sanders too hard yet because I love watching what he is doing to Crooked Hillary. His time will come!
Goofy Elizabeth Warren has been one of the least effective Senators in the entire U.S. Senate. She has done nothing!
Goofy Elizabeth Warren didnt have the guts to run for POTUS. Her phony Native American heritage stops that and VP cold.
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Thanks Piers. 
If the people of Massachusetts found out what an ineffective Senator goofy Elizabeth Warren has been, she would lose!
Goofy Elizabeth Warren is now using the womans card like her friend crooked Hillary. See her dumb tweet when a woman stands up to you
Our Native American Senator, goofy Elizabeth Warren, couldnt care less about the American workerdoes nothing to help!
Goofy Elizabeth Warren lied when she says I want to abolish the Federal Minimum Wage. See mediaasking for increase!
Isnt it funny when a failed Senator like goofy Elizabeth Warren can spend a whole day tweeting about Trump &amp; gets nothing done in Senate?
In interview I told that my taxes are under routine audit and I would release my tax returns when audit is complete, not after election!
If it were up to goofy Elizabeth Warren, wed have no jobs in Americashe doesnt have a clue.
Great day in D.C. with and Republican leadership. Things working out really well! 
Great meeting with Mitch McConnell and Republican leaders in D.C. 
Senator Lindsey Graham called me yesterday, very much to my surprise, and we had a very interesting talk about national security, and more!
Your story about me &amp; the carbon tax is absolutely incorrectit is just the opposite. I will not support or endorse a carbon tax!
An incredible honor to receive the endorsement of a person Ihave such tremendous respect for. Thank you, Sheldon! 
If Crooked Hillary Clinton can't close the deal on Crazy Bernie, how is she going to take on China, Russia, ISIS and all of the others?
Great new poll- thank you! 
Wow, is really working hard to make me look as bad as possible. Very unprofessional. Hurting in ratings - bad television!
Thank you for the nice words this morning Well delivered and totally logical! 
The failing wrote yet another hit piece on me. All are impressed with how nicely I have treated women, they found nothing. A joke!
Everyone is laughing at the for the lame hit piece they did on me and women.I gave them many names of women I helped-refused to use
Why doesn't the failing write the real story on the Clintons and women? The media is TOTALLY dishonest!
Wow, I have had so many calls from high ranking people laughing at the stupidity of the failing piece. Massive front page for that!
Why did the failing refuse to use any of the names given to them that I was so proud to have helped with their careers. DISHONEST!
The media is really on a witch-hunt against me. False reporting, and plenty of it - but we will prevail!
Thank you Georgia! See you soon! 
The report on potential VP candidates is wrong. Marco Rubio and most others mentioned are NOT under consideration.
Great new poll- thank you! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Bernie Sanders is being treated very badly by the Dems. The system is rigged against him. He should run as an independent! Run Bernie, run.
That was an amazing interview on - I hope the rest of the media picks it up to show how totally dishonest the is!
The is so dishonest. Their hit piece cover story on me yesterday was just blown up by Rowanne Brewer, who said it was a lie!
Wow, Rowanne Brewer, the most prominently depicted woman in the failing story yesterday, was on saying Times lied
With the coming forward today of the woman central to the failing hit piece on me, we have exposed the article as a fraud!
Rowanne Brewer, the most prominently depicted woman in the failing story yesterday joined 
The failing is greatly embarrassed by the totally dishonest story they did on my relationship with women.
No wonder the is failingwho can believe what they write after the false, malicious &amp; libelous story they did on me.
Over 50 women were interviewed by the yet they only wrote about 6. Thats because there were so many positive statements.
The writer of the now proven false story in the, Michael Barbaro, who was interviewed on CBS this morning, was unable to respond.
I gave a woman named Barbara Res a top N.Y. construction job, when that was unheard of, and now she is nasty. So much for a nice thank you!
What Barbara Res does not say is that she would call my company endlessly, and for years, trying to come back. I said no.
Wow, 30,000 e-mails were deleted by Crooked Hillary Clinton. She said they had to do with a wedding reception. Liar! How can she run?
Crooked Hillary Clinton put out an ad where I am misquoted on women. Can't believe she would misrepresent the facts! My hit was on China
Oregon is voting today. Keep the big numbers going - VOTE TRUMP! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Amazing that Crooked Hillary can do a hit ad on me concerning women when her husband was the WORST abuser of woman in U.S. political history
Crooked Hillary can't close the deal with Bernie Sanders. Will be another bad day for her!
#VoteTrump at clerk's offices &amp; 185 ballot drop boxes in #ORPrimary! Closes at 8pm! 
How can Crooked Hillary put her husband in charge of the economy when he was responsible for NAFTA, the worst economic deal in U.S. history?
I look forward to watching tonight, 8 PM ET. It will be interesting to see how she treats meI think she will be very fair.
I will be live tweeting my interview with on the Fox Network tonight at 8! Enjoy! 
Do you think Crooked Hillary will finally close the deal? If she can't win Kentucky, she should drop out of race. System rigged!
Wall Street paid for ad is a fraud, just like Crooked Hillary! Their main line had nothing to do with women, and they knew it. Apologize?
I will be live tweeting Show in 10 minutes. Should be interesting. Will be on Fox Network! ENJOY!
I like Michael Douglas!
Will go back on for a final question now!
I can't believe that would allow the very nice Jeffrey Lord to be savaged by a panel of seven Trump haters. 7 to 1 - Don't watch CNN!
I look so forward to debating Crooked Hillary Clinton! Democrat Primaries are rigged, e-mail investigation is rigged - so time to get it on!
Michael Barbaro, the author of the now discredited hit piece on me with women, has in past tweeted badly about me. He should resign
Thank you Oregon! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Congratulations to THE MOVEMENT, we have just won THE GREAT STATE OF OREGON. The vote percentage is even higher than anticipated! Thank you.
Paul Begala, the dopey flunky and head of the Pro-Hillary Clinton Super PAC, has knowingly committed fraud in his first ad against me.
Bernie Sanders is being treated very badly by the Democrats - the system is rigged against him. Many of his disenfranchised fans are for me!
Why did Clinton supporter declare Crooked Hillary winner in KY when AP hasn't even called the race?
Thank you Arizona! See you soon! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Thank you Louisiana! 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
My list of potential U.S. Supreme Court Justices was very well recieved. During the next number of weeks I may be adding to the list!
Looks like yet another terrorist attack. Airplane departed from Paris. When will we get tough, smart and vigilant? Great hate and sickness!
How quality a woman is Rowanne Brewer Lane to have exposed the as a disgusting fraud? Thank you Rowanne.
Thank you We will respond to terrorism with strength in 2017!
Crooked Hillary has zero imagination and even less stamina. ISIS, China, Russia and all would love for her to be president. 4 more years!
Look where the world is today, a total mess, and ISIS is still running around wild. I can fix it fast, Hillary has no chance!
Crooked Hillary Clinton looks presidential? I don't think so! Four more years of Obama and our country will never come back. ISIS LAUGHS!
Crooked Hillary can't even close the deal with Bernie - and the Dems have it rigged in favor of Hillary. Four more years of this? No way!
I am on my way! See you all soon! 
Crooked Hillary Clinton- discussing the #SecondAmendment at a private event. #2A cc: 
Failing will always take a good story about me and make it bad. Every article is unfair and biased. Very sad!
Thank you! An honor to be the first candidate ever endorsed by the - prior to ! #2A 
Great day in Kentucky with Wayne LaPierre, Chris Cox &amp; the ! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Thank you for your wonderful endorsement today It means a great deal to me. We will not disappoint!
Colin, great to have you at Trump Turnberry. So proud of you and your GREAT playing! You made winning MAJORS look easy!
Crooked Hillary Clinton wants to essentially abolish the 2nd Amendment. No gun owner can ever vote for Clinton!
Crooked Hillary is spending tremendous amounts of Wall Street money on false ads against me. She is a very dishonest person!
While our wonderful president was out playing golf all day, the TSA is falling apart, just like our government! Airports a total disaster!
Crooked Hillary wants to get rid of all guns and yet she is surrounded by bodyguards who are fully armed. No more guns to protect Hillary!
is so negative, getting even worse as I get closer. Just had two anti-Trump losers with zero rebuttal from my team. Turning off!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
Crooked Hillary Clintons foreign interventions unleashed ISIS in Syria, Iraq and Libya. She is reckless and dangerous!
Thank you to all of the men and women who have served our country. You are our true heroes! #ArmedForcesDay 
Crooked Hillary said that I want guns brought into the school classroom. Wrong!
Hillary Clinton is not qualified to be president because her judgement has been proven to be so bad! Would be four more years of stupidity!
Why do the networks continue to put dopey on panels when he has called every single shot about me wrong for 2 yrs?
How can Crooked Hillary say she cares about women when she is silent on radical Islam, which horribly oppresses women?
Crooked Hillary wants a radical 500% increase in Syrian refugees. We cant allow this. Time to get smart and protect America!
Join me on Wednesday, May 25th at the Anaheim Convention Center! #MAGA Tickets: 
Bernie Sanders is continuing his quest because he believes that Crooked Hillary Clinton will be forced out of the race - e-mail scandal!
The American people are sick and tired of not being able to lead normal lives and to constantly be on the lookout for terror and terrorists!
Thank you America! 
In trade, military and EVERYTHING else, it will be AMERICA FIRST! This will quickly lead to our ultimate goal: MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Is Hillary really protecting women? 
Obamas VA Secretary just said we shouldn't measurewait times. Hillary says VA problems are not widespread. I will take care ofour vets!
I will be interviewed on at 8:00 P.M. Enjoy!
Join me in California or Montana! 5/25/16: Anaheim, California: Billings, Montana
While under no obligation to do so, I have raised between 5 &amp; 6 million dollars, including 1million dollars from me, for our VETERANS. Nice!
Much of the money I have raised for our veterans has already been distributed, with the rest to go shortly to various other veteran groups.
Amazingly, with all of the money I have raised for the vets, I have got nothing but bad publicity from the dishonest and disgusting media.
I just released my financial disclosure forms, the largest numbers in the history of the F.E.C. Even the dishonest media thinks great!
Crooked Hillary Clinton overregulates, overtaxes and doesn't care about jobs. Most importantly, she suffers from plain old bad judgement!
A great new book has been written about Crooked Hillary. Read it &amp; you will never be able to vote for her. 
A wonderfully written article concerning Israel by 
A suggestion for the dishonest media- 
Thank you - for setting the failing story straight. This is what the NYT's should have written! 
After raising, w/ no obligation, almost $6M for Vets, I couldn't believe protesters formed Trump Tower. JUST OUT- SENT BY CROOKED HILLARY!
Great honor to receive today's endorsement of Really nice!
Thank you Washington! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Great rally in New Mexico, amazing crowd! Now in L.A. Big rally in Anaheim.
Goofy Elizabeth Warren, sometimes referred to as Pocahontas because she faked the fact she is native American, is a lowlife!
Goofy Elizabeth Warren, sometimes known as Pocahontas, bought foreclosed housing and made a quick killing. Total hypocrite!
Goofy Senator Elizabeth Warren has done less in the U.S. Senate than practically any other senator. All talk, no action!
Crooked Hillary Clinton just can't close the deal with Bernie. I had to knock out 16 very good and smart candidates. Hillary doesn't have it
The protesters in New Mexico were thugs who were flying the Mexican flag. The rally inside was big and beautiful, but outside, criminals!
Thank you Washington! Honored to say, on behalf of our great movement, we have broken the all time record for votes in GOP primary history.
Thank you Anaheim, California! 
The Inspector General's report on Crooked Hillary Clinton is a disaster. Such bad judgement and temperament cannot be allowed in the W.H.
.- just watched you on - thank you!
Thank you Mr. &amp; Mrs. for the wonderful and magical evening last night. It will not be forgotten.
I find it offensive that Goofy Elizabeth Warren, sometimes referred to as Pocahontas, pretended to be Native American to get in Harvard.
Thank you!
Celebrating 1237! 
My wife, and my children will be featured on with - 7pmE. Enjoy! #MeetTheTrumps
Today we, together, won the Republican Nomination for President! 
Poll data shows that does by far the best in holding onto his Senate seat in Florida. Important to keep the MAJORITY. Run Marco!
AN AMERICA FIRST ENERGY PLAN #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Bill O'Reilly doing a major special on tonight- at 8pmE. Watch it, should be good!
I am on tonight, a big special. at 8:00 P.M. ENJOY!
Wow- 25,000 in San Diego, California! Thank you!! 
Thank you - many friends just told me you gave a very kind shoutout at MSG. Appreciate it- love your music!
.- Fantastic job on handling the thugs who tried to disrupt our very peaceful and well attended rally. Greatly appreciated!
Obama administration fails to screen Syrian refugees' social media accounts:
Great rally in Fresno, California- great crowd! Thank you! 
The U.S. has 69 treaties with other countries where we would have to defend them and their borders. How nice, but what do we get? NOT ENOUGH
I (we) broke the all-time record for most votes gotten in a Republican Primary - by a lot - and with many states left to go! Thank you.
The failing wrote a story about my management style &amp; that I don't have many people. I have 73, Hillary has 800- &amp; I'm beating her.
The media is on a new phony kick about my management style. I spend much less money &amp; get much better results! What we need as Prez!
I am always on the front page of the failing, but when I won the GOP nomination, I'm in the back of the paper. Very dishonest!
Don't believe the biased and phony media quoting people who work for my campaign. The only quote that matters is a quote from me!
Does President Obama ever discuss the sneak attack on Pearl Harbor while he's in Japan? Thousands of American lives lost. #MDW
Honor Memorial Day by thinking of and respecting all of the great men and women that gave their lives for us and our country! We love them.
Heading to D.C. to see and hear ROLLING THUNDER. Amazing people that LOVE OUR COUNTRY. Great spirit!
Good news is that my campaign has perhaps more cash than any campaign in the history of politics- b/c I stand 100% behind everything we do.
Bill Kristol has been wrong for 2yrs-an embarrassed loser, but if the GOP can't control their own, then they are not a party. Be tough, R's!
The Republican Party has to be smart &amp; strong if it wants to win in November. Can't allow lightweights to set up a spoiler Indie candidate!
If dummy Bill Kristol actually does get a spoiler to run as an Independent, say good bye to the Supreme Court!
Obama says a WALL at our southern border won't enhance our security (wrong) and yet he now wants to build a much bigger wall (fence) at W.H.
In getting the endorsement of the 16,500 Border Patrol Agents (thank you), the statement was made that the WALL was very necessary!
The endorsement of me by the 16,500 Border Patrol Agents was the first time that they ever endorsed a presidential candidate. Nice!
Have a great Memorial Day and remember that we will soon MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I would have had millions of votes more in the primaries (than Crooked Hillary) if I only had one opponent, instead of sixteen. Broke record
I hope everyone had a great Memorial Day!
I have a judge in the Trump University civil case, Gonzalo Curiel (San Diego), who is very unfair. An Obama pick. Totally biased-hates Trump
I should have easily won the Trump University case on summary judgement but have a judge, Gonzalo Curiel, who is totally biased against me.
So many great things happening - new poll numbers looking good! News conference at 11:00 A.M. today, Trump Tower!
I have raised/given a tremendous amount of money to our great VETERANS, and have got nothing but bad publicity for doing so. Watch!
Just finished a press conference in Trump Tower wherein I gave information on which VETERANS groups got the $5,600,000 that I raised/gave!
So many veterans groups are beyond happy with all of the money I raised/gave! It was my great honor - they do an amazing job.
Join me in Sacramento, California-tomorrow evening 7pm! 
I will be interviewed on tonight at 10pmE on Enjoy!
Katie Couric, the third rate reporter, who has been largely forgotten, should be ashamed of herself for the fraudulent editing of her doc.
I am getting great credit for my press conference today. Crooked Hillary should be admonished for not having a press conference in 179 days.
Congratulations to on his tremendous increase in television ratings. Speaking of ratings- I will be on his show tonight 10pE.
So I raised/gave $5,600,000 for the veterans and the media makes me look bad! They do anything to belittle - totally biased.
Join me in San Jose, California- tomorrow evening at 7pm! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Crooked Hillary Clinton is a fraud who has put the public and country at risk by her illegal and very stupid use of e-mails. Many missing!
Thank you Sacramento, California! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Crooked Hillary Clinton has zero natural talent - she should not be president. Her temperament is bad and her decision making ability-zilch!
Bernie Sanders was right when he said that Crooked Hillary Clinton was not qualified to be president because she suffers from BAD judgement!
Do you ever notice that gives me very little proper representation on my policies. Just watched-nobody knew anything about my foreign P
Wow, USA Today did todays cover story on my record in lawsuits. Verdict: 450 wins, 38 losses. Isn't that what you want for your president?
Join me in San Jose, California- tonight! #MakeAmericaGreatAgainTickets: 
With all of the Crooked Hillary Clinton's foreign policy experience, she has made so many mistakes - and I mean real monsters! No more HRC.
Even though I have a very biased and unfair judge in the Trump U civil case in San Diego, I have thousands of great reviews &amp; will win case!
After the litigation is disposed of and the case won, I have instructed my execs to open Trump U(?), so much interest in it! I will be pres.
Crooked Hillary Clinton, who I would love to call Lyin' Hillary, is getting ready to totally misrepresent my foreign policy positions.
Crooked Hillary no longer has credibility - too much failure in office. People will not allow another four years of incompetence!
Bad performance by Crooked Hillary Clinton! Reading poorly from the telepromter! She doesn't even look presidential!
So great to have the endorsement and support of Paul Ryan. We will both be working very hard to Make America Great Again!
A 60% increase in Texas Blue Cross/Blue Shield through ObamaCare. I told you so, there is panic and anger as healthcare costs explode!
.- Thank you for the nice piece in / up the great work! 
Join me in Redding, California- tomorrow at 1:00pm.Tickets: 
On June 22- I will be going to Scotland to celebrate the opening of the newly renovated Resort, the worlds best.
After I will be visiting Aberdeen, the oil capital of Europe, to see my great club, 
After, I will visit in Ireland, the magnificent resort fronting on the Atlantic Ocean.
Then, on June 25th- back to the USA to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Terrible jobs report just reported. Only 38,000 jobs added. Bombshell!
Rally last night in San Jose was great. Tremendous love and enthusiasm in the hall. Big crowd. Outside, small group of thugs burned Am flag!
I don't watch or do anymore. Small audience, low ratings! I hear Mika has gone wild with hate. Joe is Joe. They lost their way!
In Crooked Hillary's telepromter speech yesterday, she made up things that I said or believe but have no basis in fact. Not honest!
So much interest in my visit to Scotland! I greatly look forward to attending the opening event - taking place on June 24th.
Great evening in San Jose other than the thugs. My supporters are far tougher if they want to be, but fortunately they are not hostile.
Thank you Redding, California! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #CAPrimary 
Muhammad Ali is dead at 74! A truly great champion and a wonderful guy. He will be missed by all!
Many of the thugs that attacked the peaceful Trump supporters in San Jose were illegals. They burned the American flag and laughed at police
The Mayor of San Jose did a terrible job of ordering the protection of innocent people. The thugs were lucky supporters remained peaceful!
We just had the worst jobs report since 2010.
Thank you Attorney General Gonzales, so many people feel this way. 
The Clinton News Network, sometimes referred to as, is getting more and more biased.They act so indignant-hear them behind closed doors
I am watching very little lately because they are so biased against me. Shows are predictable garbage! CNN and MSM is one big lie!
Hillary Clinton is unfit to be president. She has bad judgement, poor leadership skills and a very bad and destructive track record. Change!
People like report on my campaign, but have zero access. They say what they want without any knowledge.True of so much of media!
Just like I have been able to spend far less money than others on the campaign and finish #1, so too should our country. We can be great!
Crooked Hillary Clinton has not held a news conference in more than 7 months. Her record is so bad she is unable to answer tough questions!
Crooked Hillary is being badly criticized (for a Wall Street paid for ad) by PolitiFact for a false ad on me on women. She is a total fraud!
A massive blow to Obama's message - only 38,000 new jobs for month in just issued jobs report. That's REALLY bad!
I am getting bad marks from certain pundits because I have a small campaign staff. But small is good, flexible, save money and number one!
Remembering the fallen heroes on #DDay - June 6, 1944. 
Thank you Diamond and Silk! 
See, when I said NATO was obsolete because of no terrorism protection, they made the change without giving me credit.
A former Secret Service Agent for President Clinton excoriates Crooked Hillary describing her as ERRATIC &amp; VIOLENT. Bad temperament for pres
In just out book, Secret Service Agent Gary Byrne doesn't believe that Crooked Hillary has the temperament or integrity to be the president!
Thank you! Together we will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! 
I will be interviewed tonight on - Enjoy! 10:00 P.M.
I will be speaking about our great journey to the Republican nomination at 9:00 P.M. The movement toward a country that WINS again continues
Thank you Montana! 
Thank you New Jersey! 
Thank you South Dakota! 
Thank you New Mexico! 
Thank you California! 
Thank you to all for your wonderful comments on my speech. I could feel the electricity in thr air. Great reviews - most votes ever recieved
Nobody is watching anymore. Gone off the deep end - bad ratings. You won't believe what I am watching now!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! #AmericaFirst 
I would have had many millions of votes more than Crooked Hillary Clinton except for the fact that I had 16 opponents, she had one!
Bernie Sanders must really dislike Crooked Hillary after the way she played him. Many of his supporters, because of trade, will come to me.
As expected, the media is very much against me. Their dishonesty is amazing but, just like our big wins in the primaries, we will win!
Crooked Hillary Clinton will be a disaster on jobs, the economy, trade, healthcare, the military, guns and just about all else. Obama plus!
Obama just endorsed Crooked Hillary. He wants four more years of Obamabut nobody else does!
A message of condolences and support regarding the terrorist attacks in Tel Aviv: 
How long did it take your staff of 823 people to think that up--and where are your 33,000 emails that you deleted? 
Thank you Roseanne, very much appreciated. 
Join me! 6/10: Richmond: Tampa: Pittsburgh
Pocahontas is at it again! Goofy Elizabeth Warren, one of the least productive U.S. Senators, has a nasty mouth. Hope she is V.P. choice.
Join me! 6/10: Richmond, VA - 8pm6/11: Tampa, FL - 11am6/11: Pittsburgh, PA - 3pm6/13: Portsmouth, NH - 2:30pm
The great boxing promoter, Don King, just endorsed me. Nice!
Heading to D.C. to speak at Faith and Freedom Coalition and visit OPO.
2004 VIDEO:Pocahontas describing Crooked Hillary Clinton as a Corporate Donor Puppet. Time for change! 
I rarely agree with President Obama- however he is 100% correct about Crooked Hillary Clinton. Great ad!
#FlashbackFriday #CrookedHillary 
Heading to Richmond, Virginia now. Join me tonight! Tickets: 
Thank you Coalition! An honor joining you today- to discuss our shared values.
Thank you Richmond, Virginia! 
Mitt Romney had his chance to beat a failed president but he choked like a dog. Now he calls me racist-but I am least racist person there is
Don King, and so many other African Americans who know me well and endorsed me, would not have done so if they thought I was a racist!
In Tampa, Florida- thank you to all of our outstanding volunteers who want to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! 
Sad case- did article saying I don't pay bills- false, only don't pay when work is shoddy, bad, or not done! They should do same!
Thank you Tampa, Florida! #AmericaFirst #TrumpTrain 
Thank you to our amazing law enforcement officers! #AmericaFirst 
Thank you Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania! Will be back soon! #AmericaFirst 
Join me on Tuesday- in Greensboro, North Carolina! #AmericaFirst 
Riley Rone was a great young man. We will miss him dearly. 
Goofy Elizabeth Warren, sometimes referred to as Pocahontas, pretended to be a Native American in order to advance her career. Very racist!
Really bad shooting in Orlando. Police investigating possible terrorism. Many people dead and wounded.
Clinton made a false ad about me where I was imitating a reporter GROVELING after he changed his story. I would NEVER mock disabled. Shame!
Horrific incident in FL. Praying for all the victims &amp; their families. When will this stop? When will we get tough, smart &amp; vigilant?
Appreciate the congrats for being right on radical Islamic terrorism, I don't want congrats, I want toughness &amp; vigilance. We must be smart!
Is President Obama going to finally mention the words radical Islamic terrorism? If he doesn't he should immediately resign in disgrace!
What has happened in Orlando is just the beginning. Our leadership is weak and ineffective. I called it and asked for the ban. Must be tough
I have been hitting Obama and Crooked Hillary hard on not using the term Radical Islamic Terror. Hillary just broke-said she would now use!
I will be going to New Hampshire today, home of my first primary victory, to discuss terror and the horrible events of yesterday. 2:30 P.M.
I am watching and how fairly they are treating me and my words, and, and the total distortion of my words and what I am saying
Congratulations to the 2016 #StanleyCup Champions, Pittsburgh !
TERRORISM, IMMIGRATION, AND NATIONAL SECURITY SPEECH- TRANSCRIPT: 
I am no fan of President Obama, but to show you how dishonest the phony Washington Post is: 
Based on the incredibly inaccurate coverage and reporting of the record setting Trump campaign, we are hereby: 
In my speech on protecting America I spoke about a temporary ban, which includes suspending immigration from nations tied to Islamic terror.
I thought people werent celebrating? They were cheering all over, even this savage from Orlando. I was right. 
Saudi Arabia and many of the countries that gave vast amounts of money to the Clinton Foundation- cont'd: 
Crooked Hillary says we must call on Saudi Arabia and other countries to stop funding hate. I am calling on- cont'd: 
Join me in Atlanta on Wednesday- at noon! Tickets: 
American must now get very tough, very smart and very vigilant. We cannot admit people into our country without extraordinary screening.
AMERICA FIRST!
Thank you to the LGBT community! I will fight for you while Hillary brings in more people that will threaten your freedoms and beliefs.
HAPPY 241st BIRTHDAY to the ! THANK YOU! 
TONIGHT! NORTH CAROLINA:! GEORGIA:! NEVADA:
Thank you Greensboro, North Carolina! Will be back soon! #AmericaFirst 
The press is so totally biased that we have no choice but to take our tough but fair and smart message directly to the people!
I will be meeting with the NRA, who has endorsed me, about not allowing people on the terrorist watch list, or the no fly list, to buy guns.
Thank you Atlanta, Georgia! Will be back soon! #AmericaFirst 
Join me in Dallas, Texas on Thursday! #AmericaFirst 
Finally an accurate story from the Washington Post!
I will be interviewed on at 7:00 P.M. 
McAllen, Texas- 8 miles from U.S. - Mexico border. Video: 
The trade deficit rose to a 7yr high thanks to horrible trade policies Clinton supports. I will fix it fast- JOBS! 
Join me in Houston, Texas tomorrow night at 7pm! Tickets: 
Houston, TX: Vegas, NV, AZ: 
Thank you Dallas, Texas! 
Amazing crowd last night in Dallas - more spirit and passion than ever before. Today, all over the great State of Texas!
People very unhappy with Crooked Hillary and Obama on JOBS and SAFETY! Biggest trade deficit in many years! More attacks will follow Orlando
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN!
THANK YOU! #AmericaFirst 
Join me in Phoenix, Arizona tomorrow at 4pm! #AmericaFirst 
Thank you ! 
Thank you- on my way! 
The convention in Cleveland will be amazing! 
Thank you! #AmericaFirst 
Thank you Houston, Texas! #AmericaFirst 
Join me in Phoenix, Arizona today at 4pm! #AmericaFirst 
In Las Vegas, getting ready to speak!
Thank you Las Vegas, Nevada! #AmericaFirst 
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN! #AmericaFirst 
I love you Arizona! Thank you! #AmericaFirst 
See you soon Arizona! 
Donald Trump's Speech Is a Game Changer. 
How can the NY Times show an empty room hours before my speech even started when they knew it was going to be packed? So totally dishonest!
Yesterday's failing fraudulently shows an empty room prior to my speech, when in fact, it was packed! 
We are so proud of you Dustin. Your reaction under pressure was amazing. First of many Majors. You are a true CHAMPION!
When I said that if, within the Orlando club, you had some people with guns, I was obviously talking about additional guards or employees
Crooked Hillary Clinton is totally unfit to be our president-really bad judgement and a temperament, according to new book, which is a mess!
I will be making a big speech tomorrow to discuss the failed policies and bad judgment of Crooked Hillary Clinton.
Hillary says this election is about judgment. She's right. Her judgement has killed thousands, unleashed ISIS and wrecked the economy.
Hillary Clinton surged the trade deficit with China 40% asSecretary of State, costing Americans millions of jobs.
How can Hillary run the economy when she can't even send emails without putting entire nation at risk?
Hillary Clinton's open borders immigration policies will drive down wages for all Americans - and make everyone less safe.
Obama-Clinton inherited $10T in debt and turned it into nearly $20T. They have bankrupted 
Hillary took money and did favors for regimes that enslave women and murder gays.
If you want to know about Hillary Clinton's honesty &amp; judgment, ask the family of Ambassador Stevens.
Hillary defrauded America as Secy of State. She used it as a personal hedge fund to get herself rich! Corrupt, dangerous, dishonest.
I will be interviewed by tonight on 7pm ET
Crooked Hillary refuses to say that she will be raising taxes beyond belief! She will be a disaster for jobs and the economy!
Hillary says things can't change. I say they have to change. It's a choice between Americanism and her corrupt globalism. #Imwithyou
#Imwithyou 
#Imwithyou 
Hillary Lies to Benghazi Families #CrookedHillary 
SC has kept us safe from exec amnesty--for now. But Hillary has pledged to expand it, taking jobs from Hispanic &amp; African-American workers.
Hillary Clintons open borders are tearing American families apart. I am going to make our country Safe Again for all Americans. #Imwithyou
Obama &amp; Clinton should stop meeting with special interests, &amp; start meeting with the victims of illegal immigration.
On immigration, Im consulting with our immigration officers&amp; our wage-earners. Hillary Clinton is consulting with Wall Street.
Our inner cities have been left behind. We will never have the resources to support our people if we have an open border.
CNN, which is totally biased in favor of Clinton, should apologize. They knew they were wrong. 
Here is another CNN lie. The Clinton News Network is losing all credibility. Im not watching it much anymore. 
Read my full statement here on the Supreme Court's executive amnesty decision #imwithyou 
Meet the amazing mother whose letter I read during my speech. She lost her son to policies supported by Clinton. 
Leaving now for a one night trip to Scotland in order to be at the Grand Opening of my great Turnberry Resort. Will be back on Sat. night!
Congratulations to my son, Eric, on the fantastic job he has done in rebuilding Turnberry, and its great Ailsa Course. Always support kids!
Just arrived in Scotland. Place is going wild over the vote. They took their country back, just like we will take America back. No games!
Statement Regarding British Referendum on E.U. Membership
Getting ready to open the magnificent Turnberry in Scotland. What a great day, especially when added to the brave &amp; brilliant vote.
Self-determination is the sacred right of all free people's, and the people of the UK have exercised that right for all the world to see.
America is proud to stand shoulder-to-shoulder w/a free &amp; ind UK. We stand together as friends, as allies, &amp; as a people w/a shared history.
New Government data by the Center for Immigration Studies shows more than 3M new legal &amp; illegal immigrants settled..
I want all Americans to succeed together. President Obama's illegal executive amnesty undermines job prospects for...
Crooked Hillary called it totally wrong on BREXIT - she went with Obama - and now she is saying we need her to lead. She would be a disaster
The opening of Trump Turnberry in Scotland was a big success. Good timing, I was here for BREXIT. Very exciting news conference today!
Many people are equating BREXIT, and what is going on in Great Britain, with what is happening in the U.S. People want their country back!
Thoughts and prayers are with everyone in West Virginia- dealing with the devastating floods. #ImWithYou
So funny, Crooked Hillary called BREXIT so incorrectly, and now she says that she is the one to deal with the U.K. All talk, no action!
Arriving with &amp; Back to New York tonight. Video: 
On the 13th tee box with my grand daughter, Kai! 
Thank you to everyone who came out &amp; joined us yesterday! 
We must suspend immigration from regions linked with terrorism until a proven vetting method is in place.
We only want to admit those who love our people and support our values. #AmericaFirst
I have never liked the media term 'mass deportation' -- but we must enforce the laws of the land!
Obama has blocked ICE officers and BP from doing their jobs. That ends when I am President!
Just landed in New York - a one night stay in Scotland. Turnberry came out magnificently. My son, Eric, did a great job - under budget!
George Will, one of the most overrated political pundits (who lost his way long ago), has left the Republican Party.He's made many bad calls
Crooked Hillary Clinton, who called BREXIT 100% wrong (along with Obama), is now spending Wall Street money on an ad on my correct call.
Clinton is trying to wash away her bad judgement call on BREXIT with big dollar ads. Disgraceful!
Crooked Hillary just took a major ad of me playing golf at Turnberry. Shows me hitting shot, but I never did = lie! Was there to support son
The poll sample is heavy on Democrats. Very dishonest - why would they do that? Other polls good!
Top 50 Facts About Crooked Hillary Clinton From Trump 'Stakes Of The Election' Address: 
People in our country want borders, and without them the old line pols like Crooked Hillary will not win. It is time for CHANGE -- and JOBS!
Hillary Clinton is not a change agent, just the same old status quo! She is spending a fortune, I am spending very little. Close in polls!
Crooked Hillary Clinton got Brexit wrong. I said LEAVE will win. She has no sense of markets and such bad judgement. Only a question of time
Crooked Hillary Attacks Foreign Government Donations - While Ignoring Her Own: 
Crooked Hillary is wheeling out one of the least productive senators in the U.S. Senate, goofy Elizabeth Warren, who lied on heritage.
The media is unrelenting. They will only go with and report a story in a negative light. I called Brexit (Hillary was wrong), watch November
is all negative when it comes to me. I don't watch it anymore.
Check it out - 2nd video on Lying Crooked Hillary is now online! Watch it here: #CrookedHillary
Benghazi is just another Hillary Clinton failure. It justnever seems to work the way it's supposed to with Clinton.
Hillary Clintons Presidency would be catastrophic forthe future of our country. She is ill-fit with bad judgment.
Yet another terrorist attack, this time in Turkey. Willthe world ever realize what is going on? So sad.
We must do everything possible to keep this horrible terrorism outside the United States.
Iron Mike Tyson was not asked to speak at the Convention though I'm sure he would do a good job if he was. The media makes everything up!
The must fight harder for the American worker. China, and many others, are taking advantage of U.S. with our terrible trade pacts
Why would the USChamber be upset by the fact that I want to negotiate better and stronger trade deals or that I want penalties for cheaters?
Just watched Senator John Barrasso on - He was great! Thank you John.
New Q poll out- we are going to win the whole deal- and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
Will be in Bangor, Maine today! Join me- 4pmE at the Cross Insurance Center! 
ISIS exploded on Hillary Clinton's watch- she's done nothing about it and never will. Not capable!
I will be on at 8:00 P.M. Enjoy!
Tremendous day in Massachusetts and Maine. Thank you to everyone for making it so special!
For reasons only they can explain, the wants to continue our bad trade deals rather than renegotiating and making them better.
The story with Hillary will never change. 
New book by is absolutely terrific and a must read! #WakeUpAmerica
Why would college graduates want Crooked Hillary as their President? She will destroy them! 
One of the reasons Hillary hid her emails was so the public wouldn't see how she got rich- selling out America. 
The very dishonest refuses to accept the fact that I have forgiven my $50 million loan to my campaign. Done deal!
I have self funded my winning primary campaign with an approx. $50 million loan. I have totally terminated the loan!
The reason I put up approximately $50 million for my successful primary campaign is very simple, I want to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I will be interviewed by tonight at 10pm on FOX! Enjoy!
#ThrowbackThursday
As Bernie Sanders said, Hillary Clinton has bad judgement. Bill's meeting was probably initiated and demanded by Hillary!
Bill Clinton's meeting was a total secret. Nobody was to know about it but he was caught by a local reporter.
Take a look at what happened w/ Bill Clinton. The system is totally rigged. Does anybody really believe that meeting was just a coincidence?
great job on FOX this morning. Keep up the good work!
Horrible killing of a 13 year old American girl at her home in Israel by a Palestinian terrorist. We must get tough. 
Yet another terrorist attack today in Israel -- a father, shot at by a Palestinian terrorist, was killed while:
These crimes won't be happening if I'm elected POTUS. Killer should have never been here. #AmericaFirst 
Thank you for your support! We will MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN! #ImWithYou #AmericaFirst 
Thank you for inviting me to the Western Conservative Summit in Colorado! #ImWithYou #WCS16 
Just returned from Colorado. Amazing crowd!
When you can't say it - or see it -- you can't fix it. We will MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN! #ImWithYou #AmericaFirst 
The speakers slots at the Republican Convention are totally filled, with a long waiting list of those that want to speak - Wednesday release
#AmericaFirst #ImWithYou 
The #2A to our Constitution is clear. The right of the people to keep &amp; bear Arms shall not be infringed upon. 
Crooked Hillary -- Makes History! #ImWithYou #AmericaFirst 
If I become the next POTUS- they will not be ignoring! #AmericaFirst 
Thank you! #AmericaFirst 
Thank you for your support! #AmericaFirst
Thank you #ImWithYou 
It is impossible for the FBI not to recommend criminal charges against Hillary Clinton. What she did was wrong! What Bill did was stupid!
It was just announced-by sources-that no charges will be brought against Crooked Hillary Clinton. Like I said, the system is totally rigged!
Just watched and how totally biased against me Chuck Todd, and the entire show, is against me.The good news-the people get it!
Only a fool would believe that the meeting between Bill Clinton and the U.S.A.G. was not arranged or that Crooked Hillary did not know.
Crooked Hillary Clinton knew that her husband wanted to meet with the U.S.A.G. to work out a deal. The system is totally rigged &amp; corrupt!
On Saturday a great man, Elie Wiesel, passed away.The world is a better place because of him and his belief that good can triumph over evil!
I believe that Crooked Hillary sent Bill to have the meeting with the U.S.A.G. So Bill is not in trouble with H except that he got caught!
In Bangladesh, hostages were immediately killed by ISIS terrorists if they were unable to cite a verse from the Koran. 20 were killed!
The third mass attack (slaughter) in days by ISIS. 200 dead in Baghdad, worst in many years. We do not have leadership that can stop this!
Crooked Hillary will NEVER be able to handle the complexities and danger of ISIS - it will just go on forever. We need change!
Happy 4th of July! #AmericaFirst 
Dishonest media is trying their absolute best to depict a star in a tweet as the Star of David rather than a Sheriff's Star, or plain star!
Senator Tom Cotton was great on Meet the Press yesterday. Despite a totally one-sided interview by Chuck Todd, the end result was solid!
Spent time with Indiana Governor Mike Pence and family yesterday. Very impressed, great people!
I look forward to meeting today in New Jersey. She has done a great job as Senator of Iowa!
The only people who are not interested in being the V.P. pick are the people who have not been asked!
With Hillary and Obama, the terrorist attacks will only get worse. Politically correct fools, won't even call it what it is - RADICAL ISLAM!
Why is President Obama allowed to use Air Force One on the campaign trail with Crooked Hillary? She is flying with him tomorrow. Who pays?
Taxpayers are paying a fortune for the use of Air Force One on the campaign trail by President Obama and Crooked Hillary. A total disgrace!
It was great spending time with yesterday. She has done a fantastic job for the people of Iowa and U.S. Will see her again!
The system is rigged. General Petraeus got in trouble for far less. Very very unfair! As usual, bad judgment.
FBI director said Crooked Hillary compromised our national security. No charges. Wow! #RiggedSystem
Looking forward to meeting with in a little while. We will be traveling to North Carolina together today.
My son, will be interviewed by tonight at 10pm on Enjoy!
I will be interviewed by tonight on at 11pm. Enjoy!
Raised a lot of money for the Republican Party. There will be a big gasp when the figures are announced in the morning. Lots of support! Win
Crooked Hillary Clinton is unfit to serve as President of the U.S. Her temperament is weak and her opponents are strong. BAD JUDGEMENT!
Crooked Hillary has once again been proven to be a person who is dishonest, incompetent and of very bad judgement.
The rigged system may have helped Hillary Clinton escape criminal charges, but... 
Crooked Hillary Clinton lied to the FBI and to the people of our country. She is sooooo guilty. But watch, her time will come!
I made a lot of money in Atlantic City and left 7 years ago, great timing (as all know). Pols made big mistakes, now many bankruptcies.
Hillary Clinton should ask why the Democrat pols in Atlantic City made all the wrong moves - Convention Center, Airport - and destroyed City
Even the once great Caesars is bankrupt in A.C. Others to follow. Ask the Democrat City Council what happened to Atlantic City.
Sleepy eyes Chuck Todd, a man with so little touch for politics, is at it again.He could not have watched my standing ovation speech in N.C.
I have over seven million hits on social media re Crooked Hillary Clinton. Check it out Sleepy Eyes, 
Convention speaker schedule to be released tomorrow. Let today be devoted to Crooked Hillary and the rigged system under which we live.
To all of my twitter followers, please contribute whatever you can to the campaign. We must beat Crooked Hillary. 
Where is the outrage for this Disney book? Is this the 'Star of David' also? Dishonest media! #Frozen 
Great being in Cincinnati, Ohio last night- thank you! Off to Washington D.C. now. #AmericaFirst 
Just leaving D.C. Had great meetings with Republicans in the House and Senate. Very interesting day! These are people who love our country!
Thank you Rep. Collins! 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Thank you Speaker ! #AmericaFirst 
After today, Crooked Hillary can officially be called Lyin' Crooked Hillary.
Prayers and condolences to all of the families who are so thoroughly devastated by the horrors we are all watching take place in our country
Last night's horrific execution-style shootings of 12 Dallas law enforcement officers...
Due to the horrific events taking place in our country, I have decided to postpone my speech on economic opportunity- today in Miami.
Isn't it sad that on a day of national tragedy Hillary Clinton is answering softball questions about her email lies on ?
MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN! 
Way to go - you are a true champion. Proud of you!
New poll - thank you! 
Look what is happening to our country under the WEAK leadership of Obama and people like Crooked Hillary Clinton. We are a divided nation!
President Obama thinks the nation is not as divided as people think. He is living in a world of the make believe!
The media is so dishonest. If I make a statement, they twist it and turn it to make it sound bad or foolish.They think the public is stupid!
I heard that the underachieving John King of on Inside Politics was one hour of lies. Happily, few people are watching - dead network!
Join me in Westfield, Indiana- tomorrow night at 7:30pm! Tickets: 
Thoughts and prayers with the victims, and their families- along with everyone at the Berrien County Courthouse in St. Joseph, Michigan.
Great poll- Florida! Thank you! 
Speech on Veterans' Reform:
Senior United States District Judge Robert E. Payne today ruled in favor of Trump campaign delegates who had argued..
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #ImWithYou 
Crime is out of control, and rapidly getting worse. Look what is going on in Chicago and our inner cities. Not good!
For too many years, our inner cities have been left behind. I am going to deliver jobs, safety and protection for those in need.
This election is a choice between law, order &amp; safety - or chaos, crime &amp; violence. I will make America safe again for everyone. #ImWithYou
Bernie Sanders, who has lost most of his leverage, has totally sold out to Crooked Hillary Clinton. He will endorse her today - fans angry!
I am somewhat surprised that Bernie Sanders was not true to himself and his supporters. They are not happy that he is selling out!
#CrookedHillary is not qualified!
Bernie Sanders endorsing Crooked Hillary Clinton is like Occupy Wall Street endorsing Goldman Sachs.
Bernie sanders has abandoned his supporters by endorsing pro-war pro-TPP pro-Wall Street Crooked Hillary Clinton.
To all the Bernie voters who want to stop bad trade deals &amp; global special interests, we welcome you with open arms. People first.
The American people agree. No free pass for #CrookedHillary! 
I will be interviewed by tonight on at 8pm. Enjoy!
Thank you Iowa- see you soon! #ImWithYou 
THANK YOU INDIANA! 
Justice Ginsburg of the U.S. Supreme Court has embarrassed all by making very dumb political statements about me. Her mind is shot - resign!
Thank you! #ImWithYou 
Thank you Florida, Ohio, and Pennsylvania! #CrookedHillary is not qualified. #ImWithYou 
#CrookedHillary is outspending me by a combined 31 to 1 in Florida, Ohio, &amp; Pennsylvania. I haven't started yet! 
New GOP platform now includes language that supports the border wall. We will build the wall and MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN!
The Republican platform is most pro-Israel of all time!
Is President Obama trying to destroy Israel with all his bad moves? Think about it and let me know!
Lyin' Crooked Hillary's email stories all have one thing in common. 
Despite spending $500k a day on TV ads alone #CrookedHillary falls flat in nationwide Having ZERO impact. Sad!!
Voters understand that Crooked Hillary's negative ads are not true- just like her email lies and her other fraudulent activity.
On my way to San Diego to raise money for the Republican Party. I am spending a lot myself and also helping others.
Is Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg going to apologize to me for her misconduct? Big mistake by an incompetent judge!
Even the and Editorial Boards condemned Justice Ginsburg for her ethical and legal breach. What was she thinking?
If I win the Presidency, we will swamp Justice Ginsburg with real judges and real legal opinions!
I will be making the announcement of my Vice Presidential pick on Friday at 11am in Manhattan. Details to follow.
Great new poll- thank you America! #ImWithYou 
Another new poll. Thank you for your support! Join the MOVEMENT today! #ImWithYou 
I employ many people in the State of Virginia - JOBS, JOBS, JOBS! Crooked Hillary will sell us out, just like her husband did with NAFTA.
Another horrific attack, this time in Nice, France. Many dead and injured. When will we learn? It is only getting worse.
In light of the horrible attack in Nice, France, I have postponed tomorrow's news conference concerning my Vice Presidential announcement.
My prayers and condolences to the victims and families of the terrible tragedy in Nice, France. We are with you in every way!
#NeverTrump is never more. They were crushed last night in Cleveland at Rules Committee by a vote of 87-12. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Four more years of weakness with a Crooked Hillary Administration is not acceptable. Look what has happened to the world with O &amp; Hillary!
I am pleased to announce that I have chosen Governor Mike Pence as my Vice Presidential running mate. News conference tomorrow at 11:00 A.M.
Look forward to Governor Mike Pence V.P. introduction tomorrow in New York City.
Look forward to introducing Governor Mike Pence (who has done a spectacular job in the great State of Indiana). My first choice from start!
Crooked Hillary is spending big Wall Street money on ads saying I don't have foreign policy experience, yet look what her policies have done
Crooked Hillary, who embarrassed herself and the country with her e-mail lies, has been a DISASTER on foreign policy. Look what's happening!
Very sad that a person who has made so many mistakes, Crooked Hillary Clinton, can put out such false and vicious ads with her phony money!
Crooked Hillary Clinton is bought and paid for by Wall Street, lobbyists and special interests. She will sell our country down the tubes!
Thank you! #TrumpPence16 
Donate Today To Help Make America Great Again! You Can Help Stop Crooked Hillary Clinton! 
Thank you to Chris Cox and Bikers for Trump - Your support has been amazing. I will never forget. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Thank you to Jack Morgan, Tamara Neo, Cheryl Ann Kraft and all of my friends and supporters in Virginia. GREAT JOB!
Goofy Elizabeth Warren, who may be the least productive Senator in the U.S. Senate, must prove she is not a fraud. Without the con it's over
We are going to have a great time in Cleveland. Will lead to special results for our country. We will Make America Great Again!
As the days and weeks go by, we see what a total mess our country (and world) is in - Crooked Hillary Clinton led Obama into bad decisions!
It doesn't matter that Crooked Hillary has experience, look at all of the bad decisions she has made. Bernie said she has bad judgement!
I hope that Crooked Hillary picks Goofy Elizabeth Warren, sometimes referred to as Pocahontas, as her V.P. Then we can litigate her fraud!
If Goofy Elizabeth Warren, a very weak Senator, didn't lie about her heritage (being Native American) she would be nothing today. Pick her H
is much better, and far more truthful, than, which is all negative. Guests are stacked for Crooked Hillary! I don't watch.
The ratings at blow away the ratings of - not even close. That's because CNN is the Clinton News Network and people don't like
We grieve for the officers killed in Baton Rouge today. How many law enforcement and people have to...
We are TRYING to fight ISIS, and now our own people are killing our police. Our country is divided and out of control. The world is watching
I will be on tonight at 7:00 P.M. with Mike Pence talking about LAW AND ORDER and many other subjects! Bad times for divided USA!
Our country is totally divided and our enemies are watching. We are not looking good, we are not looking smart, we are not looking tough!
President Obama just had a news conference, but he doesn't have a clue. Our country is a divided crime scene, and it will only get worse!
Thank you Mahoning County, Ohio! See you soon! #MakeAmericaSafeAgain 
Looking forward to being at the convention tonight to watch all of the wonderful speakers including my wife, Melania. Place looks beautiful!
is the worst.They go to their dumb, one-sided panels when a podium speaker is for Trump! VAST MAJORITY want: Make America Great Again!
Networks other than low ratings have been very fair and exciting!
#MakeAmericaSafeAgain! #GOPConvention #RNCinCLE 
Will be on tonight at 8:30pm - prior to Melania's speech at the #GOPConvention. Tune in- she will do great! #RNCinCLE
It was truly an honor to introduce my wife, Melania. Her speech and demeanor were absolutely incredible. Very proud! #GOPConvention
#MakeAmericaWorkAgain #TrumpPence16 #RNCinCLE 
#MakeAmericaWorkAgain #TrumpPence16 #RNCinCLE 
The ROLL CALL is beginning at the Republican National Convention. Very exciting!
Such a great honor to be the Republican Nominee for President of the United States. I will work hard and never let you down! AMERICA FIRST!
Congratulations to my children, Don and Tiffany, on having done a fantastic job last night. I am very proud of you!
Bill Hemmer of was very nice in explaining the excitement and energy in the arena. More than in past years.
In November, I think the people of Ohio will remember that the Republicans picked Cleveland instead of going to another state. Jobs!
Good news is Melania's speech got more publicity than any in the history of politics especially if you believe that all press is good press!
The media is spending more time doing a forensic analysis of Melania's speech than the FBI spent on Hillary's emails.
STATEMENT ON MELANIA SPEECH
URGENT: weve just announced a $2 million fundraising goal tonight. Please stand with us! 
John Kasich was never asked by me to be V.P. Just arrived in Cleveland - will be a great two days!
Watching the #GOPConvention #AmericaFirst #RNCinCLE
#AmericaFirst #RNCinCLE 
Thank you ! #AmericaFirst 
Thank you to Governor for such warm support. Great speech!
#TextTrump88022 for exclusive updates! We will Make America Great Again!
Thank you ! #AmericaFirst #RNCinCLE 
Limited opportunity to get your OFFICIAL Trump gear! Shop now! 
Great job ! Proud of you! #AmericaFirst #RNCinCLE 
Wow, Ted Cruz got booed off the stage, didn't honor the pledge! I saw his speech two hours early but let him speak anyway. No big deal!
Our next Vice President of the United States of America, Gov. ! #GOPinCLE #GOPConvention #AmericaFirst 
was fantastic tonight. Will be a great V.P.
Arena was packed, totally electric!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
Great job ! Proud of you! #AmericaFirst #RNCinCLE 
I am soooo proud of my children, Don, Eric and Tiffany - their speeches, under enormous pressure, were incredible. Ivanka intros me tonight!
Ted Cruz talks about the Constitution but doesn't say that if the Dems win the Presidency, the new JUSTICES appointed will destroy us all!
Other than a small group of people who have suffered massive and embarrassing losses, the party is VERY united. Great love in the arena!
Great job ! #RNCinCLE
Weve just set a new goal: raise $4 million from our grassroots supporters by MIDNIGHT! 
Weve just set a new goal: raise $4 million from our grassroots supporters by MIDNIGHT! 
Thank you Proud of you! #RNCinCLE
Im with you! I will work hard and never let you down. Make America Great Again! 
This is a MOVEMENT! #RNCinCLE 
You can watch 360 video live from the podium! #RNCinCLE #TrumpIsWithYou #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
FORMAL ACCEPTANCE OF THE NOMINATION! #TrumpPence16 
MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN! #RNCinCLE
What a great four days in Cleveland. So proud of the great job done by the RNC and all. The police and Secret Service were fantastic!
Thank you Cleveland. We love you and will be back many times!
One of the best produced, including the incredible stage &amp; set, in the history of conventions. Great unity! Big T.V. ratings! 
Another attack, this time in Germany. Many killed. God bless the people of Munich.
Is it the same Kaine that took hundreds of thousands of dollars in gifts while Governor of Virginia and didn't get indicted while Bob M did?
I highly recommend the just out book - THE FIELD OF FIGHT - by General Michael Flynn. How to defeat radical Islam.
The Bernie Sanders supporters are furious with the choice of Tim Kaine, who represents the opposite of what Bernie stands for. Philly fight?
Tim Kaine is, and always has been, owned by the banks. Bernie supporters are outraged, was their last choice. Bernie fought for nothing!
Pocahontas wanted V.P. slot so badly but wasn't chosen because she has done nothing in the Senate. Also, Crooked Hillary hates her!
Leaked e-mails of DNC show plans to destroy Bernie Sanders. Mock his heritage and much more. On-line from Wikileakes, really vicious. RIGGED
Crooked Hillary Clinton has destroyed jobs and manufacturing in Pennsylvania. Against steelworkers and miners. Husband signed NAFTA.
Funny that the Democrats would have their convention in Pennsylvania where her husband and her killed so many jobs. I will bring jobs back!
Tim Kaine has been praising the Trans Pacific Partnership and has been pushing hard to get it approved. Job killer!
I will bring jobs back and get wages up. People haven't had a real wage increase in almost twenty years. Clinton killed jobs!
Just saw Crooked Hillary and Tim Kaine together. ISIS and our other enemies are drooling. They don't look presidential to me!
The Wikileaks e-mail release today was so bad to Sanders that it will make it impossible for him to support her, unless he is a fraud!
Thank you to everyone for the wonderful reviews of my speech on Thursday night. From the heart!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #TrumpPence16 
The Crooked Hillary V.P. choice is VERY disrespectful to Bernie Sanders and all of his supporters. Just another case of BAD JUDGEMENT by H!
Bernie Sanders started off strong, but with the selection of Kaine for V.P., is ending really weak. So much for a movement! TOTAL DISRESPECT
Wow, President Obama's brother, Malik, just announced that he is voting for me. Was probably treated badly by president-like everybody else!
Looks like the Bernie people will fight. If not, their BLOOD, SWEAT AND TEARS was a total waste of time. Kaine stands for opposite!
An analysis showed that Bernie Sanders would have won the Democratic nomination if it were not for the Super Delegates.
Sorry folks, but Bernie Sanders is exhausted, just can't go on any longer. He is trying to dismiss the new e-mails and DNC disrespect. SAD!
Today proves what I have always known, that Priebus is the tough one and the smart one, not Debbie Wasserman Shultz ()
I always said that Debbie Wasserman Schultz was overrated. The Dems Convention is cracking up and Bernie is exhausted, no energy left!
The panels are so one sided, almost all against Trump. is so much better and the ratings are much higher. Don't watch CNN!
If the Republican Convention had blown up with e-mails, resignation of boss and the beat down of a big player. (Bernie), media would go wild
Crooked Hillary Clinton was not at all loyal to the person in her rigged system that pushed her over the top, DWS. Too bad Bernie flamed out
Even though Bernie Sanders has lost his energy and his strength, I don't believe that his supporters will let Crooked Hillary off the hook!
The Democrats are in a total meltdown but the biased media will say how great they are doing! E-mails say the rigged system is alive &amp; well!
The highly neurotic Debbie Wasserman Schultz is angry that, after stealing and cheating her way to a Crooked Hillary victory, she's out!
The ratings for the Republican National Convention were very good, but for the final night, my speech, great. Thank you!
Watched Crooked Hillary Clinton and Tim Kaine on 60 Minutes. No way they are going to fix America's problems. ISIS &amp; all others laughing!
The new joke in town is that Russia leaked the disastrous DNC e-mails, which should never have been written (stupid), because Putin likes me
How much BAD JUDGEMENT was on display by the people in DNC in writing those really dumb e-mails, using even religion, against Bernie!
Hillary was involved in the e-mail scandal because she is the only one with judgement so bad that such a thing could have happened!
Thank you! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
If Bernie Sanders, after seeing the just released e-mails, continues to look exhausted and done, then his legacy will never be the same.
Here we go again with another Clinton scandal, and e-mails yet (can you believe). Crooked Hillary knew the fix was in, B never had a chance!
Wow, the Republican Convention went so smoothly compared to the Dems total mess. But fear not, the dishonest media will find a good spinnnn!
The State of Florida is so embarrassed by the antics of Crooked Hillary Clinton and Debbie Wasserman Schultz that they will vote for CHANGE!
Great POLL numbers are coming out all over. People don't want another four years of Obama, and Crooked Hillary would be even worse. #MAGA
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN! #TrumpPence16 
Thank you Roanoke, Virginia- be back soon! #TrumpPence16 
Thank you OHIO! #TrumpPence16 
Clinton betrayed Bernie voters. Kaine supports TPP, is in pocket of Wall Street, and backed Iraq War.
While Bernie has totally given up on his fight for the people, we welcome all voters who want a better future for our workers.
Hard to believe that Bernie Sanders has done such a complete fold. He got NOTHING for all of the time, energy and money. The V.P. a joke!
I was at and met Juan Williams in passing. He asked if he could have pictures taken with me. I said fine. He then trashes on air!
If Cory Booker is the future of the Democratic Party, they have no future! I know more about Cory than he knows about himself.
Sad to watch Bernie Sanders abandon his revolution. We welcome all voters who want to fix our rigged system and bring back our jobs.
Elizabeth Warren, often referred to as Pocahontas, just misrepresented me and spoke glowingly about Crooked Hillary, who she always hated!
Bernie Sanders totally sold out to Crooked Hillary Clinton. All of that work, energy and money, and nothing to show for it! Waste of time.
Funny, if you listen to, the Democrats did not have a good day. If you listen to the other two, they are fawning. What a difference
Why aren't the Democrats speaking about ISIS, bad trade deals, broken borders, police and law and order. The Republican Convention was great
Pocahontas bombed last night! Sad to watch.
Join us tomorrow in Scranton, Pennsylvania at 3pm! #TrumpPence16 #MAGA Tickets: 
Join us in Toledo, Ohio- tomorrow night at 8pm! #TrumpPence16 #MAGATickets: 
Thank you New Hampshire! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
The invention of email has proven to be a very bad thing for Crooked Hillary in that it has proven her to be both incompetent and a liar!
Bernie's exhausted, he just wants to shut down and go home to bed!
Dems don't want to talk ISIS b/c Hillary's foreign interventions unleashed ISIS &amp; her refugee plans make it easier for them to come here.
In order to try and deflect the horror and stupidity of the Wikileakes disaster, the Dems said maybe it is Russia dealing with Trump. Crazy!
For the record, I have ZERO investments in Russia.
Im with you! I will work hard and never let you down. Make America Great Again! 
I'm with you! I will work hard and never let you down. Make America Great Again! 
You have no idea what my strategy on ISIS is, and neither does ISIS (a good thing). Please get your facts straight - thanks. 
No matter what Bill Clinton says and no matter how well he says it, the phony media will exclaim it to be incredible. Highly overrated!
I hate to say it, but the Republican Convention was far more interesting (with a much more beautiful set) than the Democratic Convention!
Many of Bernie's supporters have left the arena. Did Bernie go home and go to sleep?
Just like I have warned from the beginning, Crooked Hillary Clinton will betray you on the TPP. 
As I have been saying, Crooked Hillary will approve the job killing TPP after the election, despite her statements to the contrary: top adv.
The Democratic Convention has paid ZERO respect to the great police and law enforcement professionals of our country. No recognition - SAD!
Hopefully the violent and vicious killing by ISIS of a beloved French priest is causing people to start thinking rationally. Get tough!
Crooked Hillary Clinton wants to flood our country with Syrian immigrants that we know little or nothing about. The danger is massive. NO!
Not one American flag on the massive stage at the Democratic National Convention until people started complaining-then a small one. Pathetic
Join our next Vice President, in Wisconsin tonight &amp; Michigan Thursday! MI: : 
If Russia or any other country or person has Hillary Clinton's 33,000 illegally deleted emails, perhaps they should share them with the FBI!
Great new poll - thank you! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Thank you to our amazing law enforcement officers! #MAGA 
As President, I will bring jobs back and get wages up for Americans who need it most. 
Thank you Pennsylvania! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
#CrookedHillary 
Join me live in Toledo, Ohio! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Shooting deaths of police officers up 78% this year. We must restore law and order and protect our great law enforcement officers!
Our country does not feel 'great already' to the millions of wonderful people living in poverty, violence and despair.
President Obama spoke last night about a world that doesnt exist. 70% of the people think our country is going in the wrong direction. #DNC
Bernie caved! 
AMERICA'S FUTURE
A vote for Clinton-Kaine is a vote for TPP, NAFTA, high taxes, radical regulation, and massive influx of refugees.
Median household income is down for the middle class since Obama took office. It will only go further down under Clinton.
Great to be back in Iowa! #TBT with joining me in Davenport- this past winter. #MAGA 
As President, I WILL fix this rigged system and only answer to YOU, the American people! 
#CrookedHillary 
I will once again write a $1 MILLION check to our campaign if we hit our million-dollar end-of-month goal! 
Departing now - thank you Cedar Rapids, Iowa. This is a MOVEMENT! 
Hillary's refusal to mention Radical Islam, as she pushes a 550% increase in refugees, is more proof that she is unfit to lead the country.
Our way of life is under threat by Radical Islam and Hillary Clinton cannot even bring herself to say the words.
Hillary will never reform Wall Street. She is owned by Wall Street!
Hillary's vision is a borderless world where working people have no power, no jobs, no safety.
Hillary's wars in the Middle East have unleashed destruction, terrorism and ISIS across the world.
No one has worse judgement than Hillary Clinton - corruption and devastation follows her wherever she goes.
The media coverage this morning of the very average Clinton speech and Convention is a joke. and the little watched = SAD!
Two policemen just shot in San Diego, one dead. It is only getting worse. People want LAW AND ORDER!
CAMPAIGN STATEMENT: 
Join at the University of Northwestern Ohio- tonight at 7pm. Tickets: 
Crooked Hillary Clinton mentioned me 22 times in her very long and very boring speech. Many of her statements were lies and fabrications!
General John Allen, who I never met but spoke against me last night, failed badly in his fight against ISIS. His record = BAD #NeverHillary
If Michael Bloomberg ran again for Mayor of New York, he wouldn't get 10% of the vote - they would run him out of town! #NeverHillary
Thank you! Facebook: : 
The dishonest media didn't mention that Bernie Sanders was very angry looking during Crooked's speech. He wishes he didn't make that deal!
In Hillary Clinton's America - things get worse. #TrumpPence16 
Wow, my campaign is hearing from more and more Bernie supporters that they will NEVER support Crooked Hillary. She sold them out, V.P. pick!
I am watching Crooked Hillary speak. Same old stuff, our country needs change!
What Bernie Sanders really thinks of Crooked Hillary Clinton. 
Join me in Colorado Springs at 2pm- or in Denver tonight at 7pm! Colorado Springs: : 
Even Bill is tired of the lies, SAD! 
Thank you Colorado Springs. Get out &amp; VOTE #TrumpPence16 in November! 
Thank you to the amazing law enforcement officers in Colorado! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #LESM 
Hillary Clinton should not be given national security briefings in that she is a lose cannon with extraordinarily bad judgement &amp; insticts.
#CrookedHillary Job Application 
As usual, Hillary &amp; the Dems are trying to rig the debates so 2 are up against major NFL games. Same as last time w/ Bernie. Unacceptable!
Thank you Denver, Colorado! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! 
Colorado was amazing yesterday! So much support. Our tax, trade and energy reforms will bring great jobs to Colorado and the whole country.
Hillary can never win over Bernie supporters. Her foreign wars, NAFTA/TPP support &amp; Wall Street ties are driving away millions of votes.
We are suffering through the worst long-term unemployment in the last 70 years. I want change - Crooked Hillary Clinton does not.
American homeownership rate in Q2 2016 was 62.9% - lowest rate in 51yrs. WE will bring back the 'American Dream!' 
Join me Monday in Columbus, Ohio &amp; Harrisburg, Pennsylvania! #MAGA3pm in OH: in PA: 
While I am in OH &amp; PA - you can also join in Nevada on Mon! Carson City: : 
Just got back from Colorado. The love and enthusiasm at two rallies was incredible. Big crowds!
I will write a $2 MILLION check to our campaign if we hit our million-dollar end-of-month goal! 
Violent crime is rising across the United States, yet the DNC convention ignored it. Crime reduction will be one of my top priorities.
Crooked Hillary Clinton is soft on crime, supports open borders, and wants massive tax hikes. A formula for disaster!
#CrookedHillary 
I turned down a meeting with Charles and David Koch. Much better for them to meet with the puppets of politics, they will do much better!
Word is that Crooked Hillary has very small and unenthusiastic crowds in Pennsylvania. Perhaps it is because her husband signed NAFTA?
#CrookedHillary = Obama's third term, which would be terrible news for our economic growth - seen below. 
Crooked's stop in Johnstown, Pennsylvania, where jobs have been absolutely decimated by dumb politicians, drew less than 200 - with Bill, VP
Wow, NATO's top commander just announced that he agrees with me that alliance members must PAY THEIR BILLS. This is a general I will like!
NATO commander agrees members should pay up :
Can you imagine if I had the small crowds that Hillary is drawing today in Pennsylvania. It would be a major media event! 
Thank you to all of the television viewers that made my speech at the Republican National Convention #1 over Crooked Hillary and DEMS.
Nielson Media Research final numbers on ACCEPTANCE SPEECH: TRUMP 32.2 MILLION. CLINTON 27.8 MILLION. Thank you!
We crushed the original goal! I will write a $2 MILLION check to our campaign if we hit our end-of-month goal! 
I was viciously attacked by Mr. Khan at the Democratic Convention. Am I not allowed to respond? Hillary voted for the Iraq war, not me!
The dishonest media is fawning over the Democratic Convention. I wonder why, then, my speech had millions of more viewers than Crooked H?
Wow, it is unbelievable how distorted, one-sided and biased the media is against us. The failing is a joke. is laughable!
Mr. Khan, who does not know me, viciously attacked me from the stage of the DNC and is now all over T.V. doing the same - Nice!
This story is not about Mr. Khan, who is all over the place doing interviews, but rather RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISM and the U.S. Get smart!
So with all of the Obama tough talk on Russia and the Ukraine, they have already taken Crimea and continue to push. That's what I said!
#CrookedHillary 
Join Governor Mike Pence in Reno, Nevada- tonight at 7pm! Tickets available at: 
CNN will soon be the least trusted name in news if they continue to be the press shop for Hillary Clinton.
CNN anchors are completely out of touch with everyday people worried about rising crime, failing schools and vanishing jobs.
When will we see stories from CNN on Clinton Foundation corruption and Hillary's pay-for-play at State Department?
Will CNN send its cameras to the border to show the massive unreported crisis now unfolding -- or are they worried it will hurt Hillary?
The people who support Hillary sit behind CNN anchor chairs, or headline fundraisers - those disconnected from real life.
People believe CNN these days almost as little as they believe Hillary....that's really saying something!
Thank you Oklahoma &amp; Virginia! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #ImWithYou 
Thank you Columbus, Ohio! I will be back soon. #ImWithYou #MAGA 
Crooked Hillary Clinton is 100% owned by her donors. #ImWithYou #MAGA 
Hillary, whose decisions have led to the deaths of many, accepted $ from a business linked to ISIS. Silence at CNN. 
Hillary Clinton raked in money from regimes that horribly oppress women and gays &amp; refuses to speak out against Radical Islam.
When will CNN do a segment on Hillarys plan to increase Syrian refugees 550% and how much it will cost?
During the GOP convention, CNN cut away from the victims of illegal immigrant violence. They dont want them heard. 
Join me in Florida on Wednesday! Daytona &amp; Jacksonville:Daytona | 3pm- | 7pm- 
Thanks to for your kind words, very much appreciated.
Vast numbers of manufacturing jobs in Pennsylvania have moved to Mexico and other countries. That will end when I win!
Just leaving Mechanicsburg, PA. Incredible crowd-- so enthusiastic! Will be back soon. #MAGA 
Great afternoon in Ohio &amp; a great evening in Pennsylvania - departing now. See you tomorrow Virginia! 
The Washington Post calls out #CrookedHillary for what she REALLY is. A PATHOLOGICAL LIAR! Watch that nose grow! 
Thank you Virginia! #ImWithYou 
STATEMENT IN RESPONSE TO PRESIDENT OBAMA'S FAILED LEADERSHIP: 
Join me in Florida tomorrow! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Daytona | 3pm- | 7pm- 
#CrookedHillary 
#ICYMI: John Podestas Brother Pocketed $180,000 from Putins Uranium Company: 
President Obama will go down as perhaps the worst president in the history of the United States!
Report raises questions about Clinton Cash from Russians during reset' 
My daughter will be on tonight at 7pm. Enjoy! 
Great day in Virginia. Crowd was fantastic!
There is great unity in my campaign, perhaps greater than ever before. I want to thank everyone for your tremendous support. Beat Crooked H!
Our incompetent Secretary of State, Hillary Clinton, was the one who started talks to give 400 million dollars, in cash, to Iran. Scandal!
THANK YOU Daytona Beach, Florida! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Thank you to the amazing law enforcement officers today- in Daytona Beach, Florida! #LESM #MAGA 
Thank you for your support of my candidacy! #MAGA #ImWithYou 
Thank you Jacksonville, Florida! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Looking forward to IA &amp; WI with Gov. Pence, tomorrow. Join us! #MAGA 
Great meeting all of you. This group knocked on 50K doors &amp; counting here in Maine, thank you! 
Happy 226th Birthday to the United States Coast Guard. Thank you ! #CoastGuardDay 
Thank you Portland, Maine! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
See you tomorrow w/ Gov., Iowa &amp; Wisconsin! 3pm- - 
President Obama should ask the DNC about how they rigged the election against Bernie.
Obama's disastrous judgment gave us ISIS, rise of Iran, and the worst economic numbers since the Great Depression!
President Obama refuses to answer question about Iran terror funding. I won't dodge questions as your President. 
The plane I saw on television was the hostage plane in Geneva, Switzerland, not the plane carrying $400 million in cash going to Iran!
Hillary Clinton has bad judgment and is unfit to serve as President.
I am counting on your help to defeat Hillary Clinton and her cronies. Let's Make America Great Again! 
I'm with YOU. I will work hard and never let you down. Make America Great Again! 
I'm with YOU. I will work hard and never let you down. Make America Great Again! 
I'm with YOU. I will work hard and never let you down. Make America Great Again! 
We need your support to get to the White House and defeat #CrookedHillary. Let's Make America Great Again! 
As President, I WILL fix this rigged system and only answer to YOU, the American people! 
I am counting on your help to defeat Hillary Clinton and her cronies. Let's Make America Great Again! 
I'm with YOU. I will work hard and never let you down. Make America Great Again! 
We need your support to get to the White House and defeat #CrookedHillary. Let's Make America Great Again! 
The Establishment and special interests are absolutely killing our country. We must put #AmericaFirst. 
As President, I WILL fix this rigged system and only answer to YOU, the American people! 
I am counting on your help to defeat Hillary Clinton and her cronies. Let's Make America Great Again! 
We need your support to get to the White House and defeat #CrookedHillary. Let's Make America Great Again! 
The Establishment and special interests are absolutely killing our country. We must put #AmericaFirst. 
As President, I WILL fix this rigged system and only answer to YOU, the American people! 
I'm with YOU. I will work hard and never let you down. Make America Great Again! 
The Establishment and special interests are absolutely killing our country. We must put #AmericaFirst. 
As President, I WILL fix this rigged system and only answer to YOU, the American people! 
#MakeAmericaSafeAgain 
Thank you Des Moines, Iowa! Governor and I appreciate your support! #MAGA #TrumpTrain 
DON'T LET HILLARY CLINTON DO IT AGAIN! #TrumpPence16
Thank you Green Bay, Wisconsin! Governor and I will be back soon. #TrumpPence16 #MAGA 
'Trump is right about violent crime: Its on the rise in major cities'
Good luck #TeamUSA #OpeningCeremony
Hillary Clinton is being badly criticized for her poor performance in answering questions. Let us all see what happens!
Heading to New Hampshire - will be talking about Hillary saying her brain SHORT CIRCUITED, and other things!
#CrookedHillary is not fit to be our next president! #TrumpPence16 
I am not just running against Crooked Hillary Clinton, I am running against the very dishonest and totally biased media - but I will win!
- 'Donald Trump Is the middle-class growth candidate'
Thank you Windham, New Hampshire! #TrumpPence16 #MAGA 
I see where Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake of Baltimore is pushing Crooked hard. Look at the job she has done in Baltimore. She is a joke!
Michael Morell, the lightweight former Acting Director of C.I.A., and a man who has made serious bad calls, is a total Clinton flunky!
Join me in Fayetteville, North Carolina tomorrow evening at 6pm. Tickets now available at: 
My economic policy speech will be carried live at 12:15 P.M. Enjoy!
Thank you Alex! 
Thank you! 
Thank you - together we will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! 
Thank you ! 
Thank you Senator David Perdue! 
Thank you Congressman Steven Palazzo! 
Thank you Newt! 
Many people are saying that the Iranians killed the scientist who helped the U.S. because of Hillary Clinton's hacked emails.
'As Senator Clinton promised 200,000 jobs in Upstate New York - her efforts fell flat.' 
Being in Detroit today was wonderful. Quick stop in Ohio to meet with some of our great supporters. Just got back home!
Will be interviewed on now!
I am running against the Washington insiders, just like I did in the Republican Primaries. These are the people that have made U.S. a mess!
Act NOW for your chance to have a private lunch with Eric Trump &amp; tour of campaign HQ at Trump Tower in NYC. 
Act NOW for your chance to have a private lunch with Eric Trump &amp; tour of campaign HQ at Trump Tower in NYC. 
Act NOW for your chance to have a private lunch with Eric Trump &amp; tour of campaign HQ at Trump Tower in NYC. 
Act NOW for your chance to have a private lunch with Eric Trump &amp; tour of campaign HQ at Trump Tower in NYC. 
Act NOW for your chance to have a private lunch with Eric Trump &amp; tour of campaign HQ at Trump Tower in NYC. 
Thank you Wilmington, North Carolina! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Thank you ! #TrumpPence16
Thank you Senator ! #TrumpPence16
When is the media going to talk about Hillary's policies that have gotten people killed, like Libya, open borders, and maybe her emails?
Media desperate to distract from Clinton's anti-2A stance. I said pro-2A citizens must organize and get out vote to save our Constitution!
You were fantastic in defending both the Second Amendment and me last night on Don Lemon is a lightweight - dumb as a rock
Morning Joe's weakness is its low ratings. I don't watch anymore but I heard he went wild against Rudy Giuliani and #2A - sad &amp; irrelevant!
My thoughts and prayers are with the two police officers shot in Sebastian County, Arkansas. #LESM
I will be interviewed on tonight at 7pm. Enjoy! 
Great meeting w/ coal miners &amp; leaders from the Virginia coal industry- thank you! #MAGA 
Thank you Abingdon, Virginia! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain! 
Reuters just announced that Secret Service never spoke to me or my campaign. Made up story by is a hoax. Totally dishonest.
Great job today by the NYPD in protecting the people and saving the climber.
Thank you Fort Lauderdale, Florida. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
This is no surprise. Constant phony reporting from failing turns everyone off. The American people get it! 
Will be doing tonight at 8pm. Enjoy!
I am counting on your help to defeat Hillary Clinton and her cronies. Let's Make America Great Again! 
I'm with YOU. I will work hard and never let you down. Make America Great Again! 
A massive tax increase will be necessary to fund Crooked Hillary Clinton's agenda. What a terrible (and boring) rollout that was yesterday!
I love watching these poor, pathetic people (pundits) on television working so hard and so seriously to try and figure me out. They can't!
ISIS gained tremendous strength during Hillary Clinton's term as Secretary of State. When will the dishonest media report the facts!
I'm with YOU! I will work hard and never let you down. Make America Great Again! 
I'm with YOU. I will work hard and never let you down. Make America Great Again! 
We need your support to get to the White House and defeat #CrookedHillary. Let's Make America Great Again! 
Unbelievable support in Florida last night - thank you! #MAGA 
Thank you Erie, Pennsylvania! Together we will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! 
Will be on tonight at 10pm, hosted by Enjoy!
The failing has become a newspaper of fiction. Their stories about me always quote non-existent unnamed sources. Very dishonest!
I am truly enjoying myself while running for president. The people of our country are amazing - great numbers on November 8th!
We now have confirmation as to one reason Crooked H wanted to be sure that nobody saw her e-mails - PAY-FOR-PLAY. How can she run for Pres.
The failing talks about anonymous sources and meetings that never happened. Their reporting is fiction. The media protects Hillary!
The failing, which never spoke to me, keeps saying that I am saying to advisers that I will change. False, I am who I am-never said
If the disgusting and corrupt media covered me honestly and didn't put false meaning into the words I say, I would be beating Hillary by 20%
My rallies are not covered properly by the media. They never discuss the real message and never show crowd size or enthusiasm.
Crooked Hillary Clinton is being protected by the media. She is not a talented person or politician. The dishonest media refuses to expose!
I am not only fighting Crooked Hillary, I am fighting the dishonest and corrupt media and her government protection process. People get it!
I have always been the same person-remain true to self.The media wants me to change but it would be very dishonest to supporters to do so!
Certain Republicans who have lost to me would rather save face by fighting me than see the U.S.Supreme Court get proper appointments. Sad!
#MakeAmericaSafeAgain 
#AmericasMerkel 
Another health insurer is pulling back due to 'persistent financial losses on #Obamacare plans.' Only the beginning! 
'It's just a 2-point race, Clinton 38%, Trump 36%' 
This is my pledge to the American people: 
Just as we won the Cold War, in part, by exposing the evils of communism and the virtues of free markets....Cont: 
Will be on tonight at 10pmE - delivering an important speech live from Wisconsin. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
#LawandOrder #ImWithYouTranscript: 
#LawandOrder #ImWithYouVideo: 
Join me in North Carolina - tomorrow at 7:30pm! #ImWithYou Tickets: 
Thank you Governor &amp; Chairman Priebus. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #ImWithYou
#MakeAmericaSafeAgain #ImWithYou
A vote for Hillary Clinton is a vote for another generation of poverty, high crime, &amp; lost opportunities. #ImWithYou
We will repeal &amp; replace #Obamacare, which has caused soaring double-digit premium increases. It is a disaster! 
We are going to make this a government of the people once again! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #ImWithYou
Will be participating in a town hall event- hosted by tonight at 10pmE on Enjoy! 
I will be doing a Town Hall tonight at 10:00 P.M. on - 
They will soon be calling me MR. BREXIT!
#CrookedHillary #ThrowbackThursday 
Together, we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
Thank you Charlotte, North Carolina! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
We are one nation. When one state hurts, we all hurt. We must all work together - to lift each other up. 
Thank you to NC for last evenings great reception. The speech was a great success. Heading now to Louisiana &amp; another speech tonight in MI.
The reporting at the failing gets worse and worse by the day. Fortunately, it is a dying newspaper.
Thank you to everyone for all of the nice comments, by Twitter, pundits and otherwise for my speech last night.
Great job by on interview with on #ImWithYou #TrumpTrain
Thank you Michigan. This is a MOVEMENT. We are going to MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN! #TrumpPence16 
#WheresHillary? Sleeping!!!!!
We are one nation. When one hurts, we all hurt. We must all work together-to lift each other up. #StandWithLouisiana 
- so humbled by my time w/ you. You are in our thoughts &amp; prayers. 
Thank you - will see you soon. #TrumpPence16 
Just leaving Virginia - really big crowd, great enthusiasm!
Will be interviewed on at 9:00 P.M. Enjoy!
Will be back soon Virginia. We are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! #TrumpPence16 
We will bring America together as ONE country again - united as Americans in common purpose and common dreams. #MAGA
Together, we are going to MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN!
I have been drawing very big and enthusiastic crowds, but the media refuses to show or discuss them. Something very big is happening!
Crooked Hillary is flooding the airwaves with false and misleading ads - all paid for by her bosses on Wall Street. Media is protecting her!
I heard that was very nice on Friday but that little Donny D, a big failure in TV (&amp; someone I helped), was nasty. Irrelevant!
Tried watching low-rated this morning, unwatchable! is off the wall, a neurotic and not very bright mess!
Some day, when things calm down, I'll tell the real story of and his very insecure long-time girlfriend, Two clowns!
Will be interviewed on at 8:30 A.M. Eastern. ENJOY!
Statement on Clinton Foundation:
Great meeting with active &amp; retired law enforcement officers- at the Fraternal Order of Police lodge in Akron, Ohio. 
Just leaving Akron, Ohio, after a packed rally. Amazing people! Going now to Texas.
.new book, 'In Trump We Trust, comes out tomorrow. People are saying it's terrific - knowing Ann I am sure it is!
The quickly put together a hit job book on me- comprised of copies of some of their inaccurate stories. Don't buy, boring!
I am now in Texas doing a big fundraiser for the Republican Party and a Special on the BORDER and with victims of border crime!
It is being reported by virtually everyone, and is a fact, that the media pile on against me is the worst in American political history!
President Obama should have gone to Louisiana days ago, instead of golfing. Too little, too late!
Join me in Tampa, Florida- tomorrow at 1pmE! Tickets: 
In Austin, Texas with some of our amazing Border Patrol Agents. I will not let them down! 
Will be participating in a Town Hall tonight on at 10pmE from Austin, Texas. Enjoy! 
Thank you Travis County, Texas! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
My thoughts and prayers are with the victims and families of those affected by two powerful earthquakes in Italy and Myanmar.
I will not let the families of The Remembrance Project down! #MakeAmericaSafeAgain
Great new poll Florida - thank you! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
New national poll released. Join the MOVEMENT &amp; together we will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! 
A great afternoon in Tampa, Florida. Thank you! #TrumpPence16 
Thank you for your support! #AmericaFirst #ImWithYou 
Will be on #Hannity 10pE - discussing various subjects including immigration-if elected, we will #BuildTheWall &amp; enforce our laws!
Great Governor is in Indiana to help lead the relief efforts after tornadoes struck. True leadership.
Thoughts and prayers to the great people of Indiana. You will prevail!
Poll numbers are starting to look very good. Leading in Florida Arizona and big jump in Utah. All numbers rising, national way up. Wow!
So many in the African-American community are doing so badly, poverty and crime way up, employment and jobs way down: I will fix it, promise
Just watched recap of #CrookedHillary's speech. Very short and lies. She is the only one fear-mongering!
Hillary Clinton's short speech is pandering to the worst instincts in our society. She should be ashamed of herself!
Hillary Clinton is using race-baiting to try to get African-American voters- but they know she is all talk and NO ACTION!
HRC is using the oldest play in the Dem playbook- when their policies fail, they are left w/this one tired argument!
Hillary Clinton only knows how to make a speech when it is a hit on me. No policy, and always very short (stamina). Media gives her a pass!
CLINTON CORRUPTION AND HER SABOTAGE OF THE INNER CITIES. Full speech transcript: 
The Clinton's are the real predators...
Crooked Hillary will NEVER be able to solve the problems of poverty, education and safety within the African-American &amp; Hispanic communities
What do African-Americans and Hispanics have to lose by going with me. Look at the poverty, crime and educational statistics. I will fix it!
Wonderful was attacked viciously and unfairly on by crazy on low ratings Apologize!
I am very proud to have brought the subject of illegal immigration back into the discussion. Such a big problem for our country-I will solve
Meet the Trumpocrats: Lifelong Democrats Breaking w/ Party Over Hillary to Support Donald Trump for President: 
Army training slide lists Hillary Clinton as insider threat: 
I will be interviewed by at 7pm on #Enjoy!
Thank you Florida. Keep me updated, and lets get those 100,000 registered voters! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Will be in Phoenix, Arizona on Wednesday. Changing venue to much larger one. Demand is unreal. Polls looking great! #ImWithYou
Join us our new #AmericaFirst APP! #TrumpPence16 
New polls - join the MOVEMENT today. #ImWithYou 
Heroin overdoses are taking over our children and others in the MIDWEST. Coming in from our southern border. We need strong border &amp; WALL!
Dwyane Wade's cousin was just shot and killed walking her baby in Chicago. Just what I have been saying. African-Americans will VOTE TRUMP!
My condolences to Dwyane Wade and his family, on the loss of Nykea Aldridge. They are in my thoughts and prayers.
Just landed in Iowa to attend a great event in honor of wonderful Senator Look forward to being with all of my friends.
Thank you Iowa! #ImWithYou 
It was an honor to have the amazing Root family join me in Iowa. I have been so inspired by their courage &amp; bravery. 
NATIONAL DEBT January 2009 = $10.6 TRILLIONAugust 2016 = $19.4 TRILLION 
Join me Tuesday in Everett, Washington at the Xfinity Arena! Tickets: 
Thank you Arizona! #VoteTrump 
Today is the 53rd anniversary of the March on Washington - today we honor the enduring fight for justice, equality and opportunity.
I think that both candidates, Crooked Hillary and myself, should release detailed medical records. I have no problem in doing so! Hillary?
I will be making a major speech on ILLEGAL IMMIGRATION on Wednesday in the GREAT State of Arizona. Big crowds, looking for a larger venue.
Look how bad it is getting! How much more crime, how many more shootings, will it take for African-Americans and Latinos to vote Trump=SAFE!
Inner-city crime is reaching record levels. African-Americans will vote for Trump because they know I will stop the slaughter going on!
Does anyone know that Crooked Hillary, who tried so hard, was unable to pass the Bar Exams in Washington D.C. She was forced to go elsewhere
Crooked Hillary's brainpower is highly overrated.Probably why her decision making is so bad or, as stated by Bernie S, she has BAD JUDGEMENT
Now that African-Americans are seeing what a bad job Hillary type policy and management has done to the inner-cities, they want TRUMP!
#CrookedHillary 
We will repeal and replace the horrible disaster known as #Obamacare! 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #ImWithYou 
Join me this Wednesday in Phoenix, Arizona at 6pm! #ImWithYouTickets: 
Join me this Thursday in Wilmington, Ohio at noon! #ImWithYouTickets: 
From day one I said that I was going to build a great wall on the SOUTHERN BORDER, and much more. Stop illegal immigration. Watch Wednesday!
Thank you America! #MAGA 
Thank you North Carolina! #MAGA 
I have accepted the invitation of President Enrique Pena Nieto, of Mexico, and look very much forward to meeting him tomorrow.
Thank you Washington! Together, WE will MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN! #ImWithYou #AmericaFirst 
Hillary Clinton didn't go to Louisiana, and now she didn't go to Mexico. She doesn't have the drive or stamina to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Great trip to Mexico today - wonderful leadership and high quality people! Look forward to our next meeting.
Just arrived in Arizona! #ImWithYou
Mexico will pay for the wall - 100%! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #ImWithYou
There will be no amnesty! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #ImWithYou
Hillary Clinton doesn't have the strength or the stamina to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! #AmericaFirst
Under a Trump administration, it's called #AmericaFirst! #ImWithYou
Mexico will pay for the wall!
Thank you to for the great review of the speech on immigration last night. Thank you also to the great people of Arizona!
Poll numbers way up - making big progress!
Thank you for having me this morning I enjoyed my time with everyone!
I am promising you a new legacy for America. We're going to create a new American future. Thank you OHIO! #ImWithYou 
I will be interviewed by tonight at 8pm on the Enjoy!
Just heard that crazy and very dumb had a mental breakdown while talking about me on the low ratings Joe a mess!
People will be very surprised by our ground game on Nov. 8. We have an army of volunteers and people with GREAT SPIRIT! They want to #MAGA!
I visited our Trump Tower campaign headquarters last night, after returning from Ohio and Arizona, and it was packed with great pros - WIN!
Great new poll Iowa - thank you! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #ImWithYou 
#AmericaFirst #ImWithYou 
#ImWithYou 
Thank you Great Faith Ministries International, Bishop Wayne T. Jackson, and Detroit!
I am returning to the Pensacola Bay Center in Florida- Friday, 9/9/16 at 7pm. Join me! 
Great visit to Detroit church, fantastic reception, and all talks about is a small protest outside. Inside a large and wonderful crowd!
is so disgusting in their bias, but they are having a hard time promoting Crooked Hillary in light of the new e-mail scandals.
Wow, the failing has not reported properly on Crooked's FBI release. They are at the back of the pack - no longer a credible source
Crooked Hillary's V.P. pick said this morning that I was not aware that Russia took over Crimea. A total lie - and taken over during O term!
The Republican Party needs strong and committed leaders, not weak people such as, if it is going to stop illegal immigration.
The Great State of Arizona, where I just had a massive rally (amazing people), has a very weak and ineffective Senator, Jeff Flake. Sad!
The polls are close so Crooked Hillary is getting out of bed and will campaign tomorrow.Why did she hammer 13 devices and acid-wash e-mails?
President Obama &amp; Putin fail to reach deal on Syria - so what else is new? Obama is not a natural deal maker. Only makes bad deals!
Can you believe that the Chinese would not give Obama the proper stairway to get off his plane - fight on tarmac! 
#LaborDay #AmericaFirstVideo: 
Thank you American Legion Post 610- for hosting &amp; I for a roundtable with labor leaders. #LaborDay #MAGA 
Heading to Youngstown, Ohio now- some great polls. #AmericaFirst 
Thank you Ohio! #AmericaFirst 
The truly great Phyllis Schlafly, who honored me with her strong endorsement for president, has passed away at 92. She was very special!
As a tribute to the late, great Phyllis Schlafly, I hope everybody can go out and get her latest book, THE CONSERVATIVE CASE FOR TRUMP.
Thank you! #AmericaFirst 
Mainstream media never covered Hillarys massive hackingor coughing attack, yet it is #1 trending. Whats up?
Thank you! #VoteTrump #ImWithYou 
Join me in Pensacola, Florida this Friday at 7pm! #VoteTrump 
Thank you to all of our amazing military families, service members, and veterans. #ImWithYou 
Great meeting with military spouses in Virginia- joined by,, &amp; 
Thank you North Carolina- get out &amp; #VoteTrump on 11/8/2016! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
I will be interviewed on tonight at 11pmE Enjoy!
'Donald Trump leads Hillary Clinton by 19 points among military, veteran voters: poll' #AmericaFirst #MAGA
#AmericaFirst! 
Wow - thank you Pensacola, FL. See you Friday at 7pm -- join me! 
Thank you Peter - if elected, I will think big for our country &amp; never let the American people down! #AmericaFirst 
Thank you to our fantastic veterans. The reviews and polls from almost everyone of my Commander-in-Chief presentation were great. Nice!
Thank you America - great #CommanderInChiefForum polls! 
Thank you to for the nice reviews of last night.
COMING UP on 
Wow, reviews are in - THANK YOU!
Hillary just gave a disastrous news conference on the tarmac to make up for poor performance last night. She's being decimated by the media!
Hillary Clinton answered email questions differently last night than she has in the past. She is totally confused. Unfit to serve as #POTUS.
Mexico has lost a brilliant finance minister and wonderful man who I know is highly respected by President Pea Nieto.
With Luis, Mexico and the United States would have made wonderful deals together - where both Mexico and the US would have benefitted.
Last nights results - in poll taken by NBC. #AmericaFirst #ImWithYou 
More poll results from last nights Commander-in-Chief Forum. #AmericaFirst #TrumpTrain 
It wasn't Matt Lauer that hurt Hillary last night. It was her very dumb answer about emails &amp; the veteran who said she should be in jail.
Final poll results from NBC on last nights Commander-in-Chief Forum. Thank you! #ImWithYou #MAGA 
The documentary of me that just aired is a total waste of time. I don't even know many of the people who spoke about me. A joke!
is unwatchable. Their news on me is fiction. Theyare a disgrace to the broadcasting industry and an arm of the Clinton campaign.
Jeff Zucker failed and he is now failing 
Henry McMaster, Lt. Governor of South Carolina who endorsed me, beat failed announcer Bakari Sellers, so badly. Funny!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! #AmericaFirst #ImWithYou 
Great honor to be endorsed by popular &amp; successful of VA. A state that I very much want to win-THX Jim! 
Thank you Ohio. Together, we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
Will be delivering a major speech tonight - live on at 8:10pm from Pensacola, Florida.
Thank you Florida - we are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Join us: #AmericaFirst 
Dummy writer, who wanted to do a second book with me for years (I said no), is now a hostile basket case who feels jilted!
I havn't seen in many years, he hardly knows me. Never liked his style. Super lib, Crooked H supporter. Irrelevant dope!
Just returned from Pensacola, Florida, where the crowd was incredible.
Will be in Missouri today with Melania for the funeral of a wonderful and truly respected woman, Phyllis S!
Wow, Hillary Clinton was SO INSULTING to my supporters, millions of amazing, hard working people. I think it will cost her at the Polls!
Really sad that Republicans would allow themselves to be used in a Clinton ad. Lindsey Graham, Romney, Flake, Sass. SUPREME COURT, REMEMBER!
While Hillary said horrible things about my supporters, and while many of her supporters will never vote for me, I still respect them all!
Hillary Clinton just had her 47% moment. What a terrible thing she said about so many great Americans!
The seriously failing, despite so much winning and poll numbers that will soon put me in first place, only writes dishonest hits!
#NeverForget
I will be interviewed on at 7:00 A.M.
Will be on at :22. Enjoy!
Stopped by to thank all of the tremendous men &amp; women for their hard work! 
Just got back from Asheville, North Carolina, where we had a massive rally. The spirit of the crowd was unbelievable. Thank you! #MAGA
Join me in Clive, Iowa tomorrow at noon! #AmericaFirst #MAGATickets: 
Heading to Iowa- join me today at noon! #MakeAmericaGreatAgainTickets: 
Join us today! Together, we will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! 
Thank you Clive, Iowa!
#ImWithYou #AmericaFirst 
CHILD CARE REFORMS THAT WILL MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Transcript:  
Thank you ! 
Thank you Rep. ! 
Thank you Rep. ! 
Why isn't President Obama working instead of campaigning for Hillary Clinton?
Russia took Crimea during the so-called Obama years. Who wouldn't know this and why does Obama get a free pass?
Thank you Ohio - see you tonight! 
Great poll Florida - thank you! #ImWithYou #AmericaFirst 
Thank you ! #ImWithYouVideo: 
Thank you Florida- can't wait to see you Friday in Miami! Join me: 
Thank you Ohio! Just landed in Canton for a rally at the Civic Center. Join me at 7pm: 
Honor to have been interviewed by the very wonderful in Detroit last week - tune in at 9pmE. Enjoy! 
Great evening in Canton, Ohio-thank you! We are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Join us: 
Great poll out of Nevada- thank you! See you soon. #MAGA #AmericaFirst 
I will be interviewed on tomorrow at 7am. Enjoy!
I was never a fan of Colin Powell after his weak understanding of weapons of mass destruction in Iraq = disaster. We can do much better!
Will be on at 7:00 A.M. Enjoy!
Thank you for having me! I enjoyed the tour and spending time with everyone. See you soon. #MAGA 
Thank you to all of our law enforcement officers - across America! #LESM #MAGA 
Thank you ! 
Full transcript of economic plan- delivered to the Economic Club of New York. #MAGA 
I will be interviewed by on tonight at 8pm. Enjoy!
Will be joining on at 11:35pmE tonight. Enjoy!
Instead of driving jobs and wealth away, AMERICA will become the WORLD'S great magnet for innovation &amp; job creation! 
Thank you for a great evening - Laconia, New Hampshire -- will be back soon! #AmericaFirst 
I am now going to the brand new Trump International, Hotel D.C. for a major statement.
I am truly honored and grateful for receiving SO much support from our American heroes... 
Great parade in The Villages- I love you all. We will #MAGA. Thank you for the incredible support-I will not forget! 
Just leaving Miami for Houston, Oklahoma and Colorado. Miami crowd was fantastic!
Just arrived in Texas - have been informed two officers have been shot. My thoughts and prayers are with them.
A very interesting take from : 
My thoughts and prayers go out to the &amp; police officers- in Philadelphia. 
Crooked Hillary wants to take your 2nd Amendment rights away. Will guns be taken from her heavily armed Secret Service detail? Maybe not!
I never met former Defense Secretary Robert Gates. He knows nothing about me. But look at the results under his guidance - a total disaster!
just doesn't get it, and that's why their ratings are so low - and getting worse. Boring anti-Trump panelists, mostly losers in life!
Wacky, who hardly knows me, makes up things that I never said for her boring interviews and column. A neurotic dope!
Crazy Maureen Dowd, the wacky columnist for the failing, pretends she knows me well--wrong!
The failing has gone nuts that Crooked Hillary is doing so badly. They are willing to say anything, has become a laughingstock rag!
My lawyers want to sue the failing so badly for irresponsible intent. I said no (for now), but they are watching. Really disgusting
Heading to Colorado for a big rally. Massive crowd, great people! Will be there soon - the polls are looking good.
Never met but never liked dopey Robert Gates. Look at the mess the U.S. is in. Always speaks badly of his many bosses, including Obama.
I would like to express my warmest regards, best wishes and condolences to all of the families and victims of the horrible bombing in NYC.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY - to the United States Air Force!! 
Under the leadership of Obama &amp; Clinton, Americans have experienced more attacks at home than victories abroad. Time to change the playbook!
Terrible attacks in NY, NJ and MN this weekend. Thinking of victims, their families and all Americans! We need to be strong!
Will be on at 7:02 A.M. Enjoy.
Great job once again by law enforcement! We are proud of them and should embrace them - without them, we don't have a country!
Once again someone we were told is ok turns out to be a terrorist who wants to destroy our country &amp; its people- how did he get thru system?
Hillary Clinton's weakness while she was Secretary of State, has emboldened terrorists all over the world..cont: 
Philly FOP Chief On Presidential Endorsement: Clinton Blew The Police Off' 
I will be interviewed on the - tonight from Florida, now. Enjoy!
Together, we will MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN! #ImWithYou #AmericaFirst 
Amazing rally in Florida - this is a MOVEMENT! Join us today at 
Crooked Hillary has been fighting ISIS, or whatever she has been doing, for years. Now she has new ideas. It is time for change.
Thank you Georgia! #AmericaFirst #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Thank you Nevada! #AmericaFirst #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Do people notice Hillary is copying my airplane rallies - she puts the plane behind her like I have been doing from the beginning.
Heading to North Carolina for two big rallies. Will be there soon. We will bring jobs back where they belong!
Hillary Clinton is taking the day off again, she needs the rest. Sleep well Hillary - see you at the debate!
Thank you High Point, NC! I will fight for every neglected part of this nation &amp; I will fight to bring us together as one American people! 
Thank you Kenansville, North Carolina! Remember- on November 8th, that special interest gravy train is coming to a very abrupt end! #MAGA 
It is a MOVEMENT - not a campaign. Leaving the past behind, changing our future. Together, we will MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN! 
The situations in Tulsa and Charlotte are tragic. We must come together to make America safe again.
Hopefully the violence &amp; unrest in Charlotte will come to an immediate end. To those injured, get well soon. We need unity &amp; leadership.
Thank you Toledo, Ohio! It is so important for you to get out and VOTE on November 8, 2016! Lets MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN! 
Great new polls! Thank you Nevada, North Carolina &amp; Ohio. Join the MOVEMENT today &amp; lets #MAGA! 
Thank you!
I will be interviewed from Cleveland, Ohio, on - Tonight at 10:00 P.M. Enjoy!
Will be on now.
Join me in Roanoke, Virginia on Saturday evening at 6pm! #MAGA
This is more than a campaign- it is a movement. #MakeAmericaGreatAgainSIGN UP TODAY &amp; WE WILL WIN! 
Spoke with Governor of North Carolina today. He is doing a tremendous job under tough circumstances.
Tomorrow's the day! Knock on doors and make calls with us on National Day of Action! #TrumpTrain #MAGA 
Hillary Clinton just lost every Republican she ever had, including Never Trump, all farmers &amp; sm. biz, by saying shell tax estates at 65%.
'How Trump Would Stimulate the U.S. Economy'
Join me in Roanoke, Virginia tomorrow at the Berglund Center- Coliseum ~ 6pm! Tickets available at: 
Crooked Hillary's bad judgement forced her to announce that she would go to Charlotte on Saturday to grandstand. Dem pols said no way, dumb!
Today is the day! Knock on doors and make calls with us on National Day of Action! #TrumpTrain #MAGA 
The endorsement was a wonderful surprise. I greatly appreciate his support! We will have a tremendous victory on November 8th.
Will be back in Virginia tonight- for a 6pm rally at the Berglund Center in Roanoke. Join me! Tickets: 
If dopey Mark Cuban of failed Benefactor fame wants to sit in the front row, perhaps I will put Gennifer Flowers right alongside of him!
Thank you Roanoke, Virginia - this a MOVEMENT - join us today! Sign up: #AmericaFirst #ImWithYou 
Many on the team and staff of Bernie Sanders have been treated badly by the Hillary Clinton campaign - and they like Trump on trade, a lot!
Bernie Sanders gave Hillary the Dem nomination when he gave up on the e-mails. That issue has only gotten bigger!
Looking forward to my meeting with Benjamin Netanyahu in Trump Tower at 10:00 A.M.
Readout of my meeting with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu: 
Five people killed in Washington State by a Middle Eastern immigrant. Many people died this weekend in Ohio from drug overdoses. N.C. riots!
New national Bloomberg poll just released - thank you! Join the MOVEMENT: #TrumpTrain #MAGA 
My team of deplorables will be managing my Twitter account for this evenings debate. Tune in! #DebateNight #TrumpPence16
Why isn't Hillary Clinton 50 points ahead? #DebateNight 
and Obama policies increased debt by $9trillion over the last 8 years
channels John Kerry on trade: she was for bad trade deals before she was against them. #TPP #Debates2016
Instead of driving jobs and wealth away, AMERICA will become the world's great magnet for innovation and job creation. #DebateNight 
has been part of the rigged DC system for 30 years? Why would we take policy advice from her? #Debates2016
A Clinton economy = more taxes and more spending! #DebateNight 
HILLARY'S BAD TAX HABIT! 
This is the simple fact about : she is a typical politician - all talk, no action. #Debates2016
I will stand with police and protect ALL Americans! #MAGA 
.2008 Campaign And Supporters Trafficked In Rumors About Obama's Heritage #DebateNight 
Hillary Clinton is the only candidate on stage who voted for the Iraq War. #MAGA 
Hillary Clinton failed all over the world. LIBYASYRIAIRANIRAQASIA PIVOTRUSSIAN RESETBENGHAZI #DebateNight 
Russia has more warheads than ever, N Korea is testing nukes, and Iran got a sweetheart deal to keep theirs. Thanks, 
- Obama #ISIS Strategy Has Allowed It To Expand To Become A Global Threat #DebateNight 
Nothing on emails. Nothing on the corrupt Clinton Foundation. And nothing on #Benghazi. #debatenight
.s Nuclear Agreement Paved The Way For The $400 Million Ransom Payment #DebateNight
Thank you Senator ! #MAGA 
Thank you Governor ! Lets MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN with the American people. #AmericaFirst
Thank you Governor ! #AmericaFirst
Wow, did great in the debate polls (except for - which I don't watch). Thank you!
TIME #DebateNight poll - over 800,000 votes. Thank you! #AmericaFirst #MAGA 
Thank you! CNBC #DebateNight poll with over 400,000 votes. Trump 61% Clinton 39%#AmericaFirst #ImWithYou 
.First Presidential Debate Poll:Trump: 80% Clinton: 20% Join the MOVEMENT today &amp; lets #MAGA! 
Thank you! Four new #DebateNight polls with the MOVEMENT winning. Together, we will MAKE AMERICA SAFE &amp; GREAT AGAIN! 
Great debate poll numbers - I will be on at 7:00 to discuss. Enjoy!
I really enjoyed the debate last night.Crooked Hillary says she is going to do so many things.Why hasn't she done them in her last 30 years?
'How Trump won over a bar full of undecideds and Democrats'
I won every poll from last nights Presidential Debate - except for the little watched poll.
The #1 trend on Twitter right now is #TrumpWon - thank you!
'True blue-collar billionaire Donald Trump shows Hillary Clinton is out of touch' 
Hillary's been failing for 30 years in not getting the job done - it will never change.
Thank you! #TrumpWon #MAGA 
'U.S. Murders Increased 10.8% in 2015' : 
Such a great honor. Final debate polls are in - and the MOVEMENT wins! #AmericaFirst #MAGA #ImWithYou 
Thank you for your endorsement, #MAGA 
Well, now they're saying that I not only won the NBC Presidential Forum, but last night the big debate. Nice!
In the last 24 hrs. we have raised over $13M from online donations and National Call Day, and were still going! Thank you America! #MAGA
Great afternoon in Little Havana with Hispanic community leaders. Thank you for your support! #ImWithYou 
'CNBC, Time magazine online polls say Donald Trump won the first presidential debate' #MAGA
Hillary Clinton's Campaign Continues To Make False Claims About Foundation Disclosure: 
Once again, we will have a government of, by and for the people. Join the MOVEMENT today! 
Join me for a 3pm rally - tomorrow at the Mid-America Center in Council Bluffs, Iowa! Tickets: 
Unbelievable evening in Melbourne, Florida w/ 15,000 supporters- and an additional 12,000 who could not get in. Thank you! #TrumpTrain #MAGA 
My supporters are the best! $18 million from hard-working people who KNOW what we can be again! Shatter the record: 
Every on-line poll, Time Magazine, Drudge etc., has me winning the debate. Thank you to Fox &amp; Friends for so reporting!
Join me in Council Bluffs, Iowa- today at 3pm! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Tickets: 
Melania and I extend our deepest condolences to the family of Shimon Peres...
An honor to meet with the Polish American Congress in Chicago this morning! #ImWithYou Video: 
Thank you Council Bluffs, Iowa! Will be back soon. Remember- everything you need to know about Hillary -- just #FollowTheMoney. 
Join me live in Waukesha, Wisconsin for an 8pmE rally! #AmericaFirst #MAGA
Joining from Waukesha, Wisconsin - now, live! Enjoy!
Thank you Waukesha, Wisconsin! Full transcript of my speech, #FollowTheMoney: 
Join me in Bedford, New Hampshire- tomorrow at 3:00pm. Can't wait to see everyone! #AmericaFirst #MAGA 
Will be in Novi, Michigan this Friday at 5:00pm. Join the MOVEMENT! Tickets available at: #AmericaFirst #TrumpTrain 
My condolences to those involved in today's horrible accident in NJ and my deepest gratitude to all of the amazing first responders.
Join me in Manheim, Pennsylvania on Saturday at 7pm! #TrumpRallyTickets: 
Thank you for joining me this afternoon, New Hampshire! Will be back soon. #FollowTheMoneySpeech transcript: 
While Hillary profits off the rigged system, I am fighting for you! Remember the simple phrase: #FollowTheMoney 
Wow, did you see how badly (Clinton News Network) is doing in the ratings. With people like, who could expect any more?
Using Alicia M in the debate as a paragon of virtue just shows that Crooked Hillary suffers from BAD JUDGEMENT! Hillary was set up by a con.
Did Crooked Hillary help disgusting (check out sex tape and past) Alicia M become a U.S. citizen so she could use her in the debate?
The people are really smart in cancelling subscriptions to the Dallas &amp; Arizona papers &amp; now USA Today will lose readers! The people get it!
Why isn't Hillary 50 points ahead? Maybe it's the email scandal, policies that spread ISIS, or calling millions of Americans deplorables! 
For those few people knocking me for tweeting at three o'clock in the morning, at least you know I will be there, awake, to answer the call!
Join me in Pueblo, Colorado on Monday afternoon at 3pm! #TrumpRally
Thank you for your support - on my way now! See you soon. #TrumpTrain 
Thank you Novi, Michigan! Get out and VOTE #TrumpPence16 on 11/8. Together, WE WILL MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! #AmericaFirst 
I believe in #AmericaFirst and that means FAMILY FIRST! My childcare plan reflects the needs of modern working-class families. #ImWithYou 
Crooked H is nasty to Sanders supporters behind closed doors. Owned by Wall St and Politicians, HRC is not with you. 
The so-called Commission on Presidential Debates admitted to us that the DJT audio &amp; sound level was very bad. So why didn't they fix it?
Wow, just saw the really bad ratings. People don't want to watch bad product that only builds up Crooked Hillary.
Heading to Pennsylvania for a big rally tonight. We will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I know our complex tax laws better than anyone who has ever run for president and am the only one who can fix them. #failing
I have created tens of thousands of jobs and will bring back great American prosperity. Hillary has only created jobs at the FBI and DOJ!
Bernie should pull his endorsement of Crooked Hillary after she decieved him and then attacked him and his supporters.
Melania and I extend our warmest greetings to those observing Rosh Hashanah here in the United States, in Israel, and around the world.
Just announced that Iraq (U.S.) is preparing for battle to reclaim Mosul. Why do they have to announce this? Makes mission much harder!
Join me in Henderson, Nevada on Wednesday at 11:30am! #MAGA Tickets: 
Thank you Pueblo, Colorado! #TrumpRally #AmericaFirst 
We must bring the truth directly to hard-working Americans who want to take our country back. #BigLeagueTruth 
Thank you Colorado! #MAGA 
Join me in Reno, Nevada on Wednesday at 3:30pm at the Reno-Sparks Convention Center! #MAGATickets: 
Join me in Reno, Nevada tomorrow at 3:30pm! #AmericaFirst #MAGATickets: 
I will be watching the great Governor and live tweeting the VP debate tonight starting at 8:30pm est! Enjoy!
My childcare plan makes a difference for working families - more money, more freedom. #AmericaFirst means #FamilyFirst! 
Thank you ARIZONA! This is a MOVEMENT like nobody has ever seen before. Together, we are going to MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN! 
Join the MOVEMENT! 
Wow, did you just hear Bill Clinton's statement on how bad ObamaCare is. Hillary not happy. As I have been saying, REPEAL AND REPLACE!
Wow, is so negative. Their panel is a joke, biased and very dumb. I'm turning to where we get a fair shake! Mike will do great
I will be live-tweeting the V.P. Debate. Very exciting! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Here we go - Enjoy!
Both are looking good! Now we begin!
.- I am in Nevada. Sorry to inform you Kellyanne is in the audience. Better luck next time.
is doing a great job - so far, no contest!
oversaw unemployment INCREASE by 179,249 while DECREASED unemployment in Indiana by 113,826. #BigLeagueTruth 
Sneers At Millions Of Average Americans. #VPDebate #BigLeagueTruth
WHAT THEY ARE SAYING ABOUT MIKE PENCE DOMINATING THE DEBATE: #VPDebate
and I will defeat #ISIS. #VPDebate
CLINTONS FLAILING SYRIA POLICY WAS JUDGED A FAILURE: #VPDebate
is the ANTI-DEFENSE SENATOR. #VPDebate #BigLeagueTruth 
ICYMI: PENCE: I RAN A STATE THAT WORKED; KAINE RAN A STATE THAT FAILED. 
is wrong for defense: #BigLeagueTruth #VPDebate
Sanctions Relief From Clinton-Obama Iran Nuclear Deal Likely Go to Terrorists: #BigLeagueTruth #VPDebate
CLINTONS CLOSE TIES TO PUTIN DESERVE SCRUTINY: #VPDebate
CLINTON IS WEAK ON NORTH KOREA: #VPDebate
.s Careless Use Of A Secret Server Put National Security At Risk: #VPDebate #BigLeagueTruth
Clintons Top Aides Were Mired In Conflict Of Interest At The State Department: #VPDebate #BigLeagueTruth
Mike Pence won big. We should all be proud of Mike!
The constant interruptions last night by Tim Kaine should not have been allowed. Mike Pence won big!
Beautiful morning- thank you ! 
About to begin a rally here in Henderson, Nevada. New Reuters poll just out- thank you! Join the MOVEMENT: 
Thank you Henderson, NV. This is a MOVEMENT like never seen before! Watch some of the rally my Facebook page: 
Bill Clinton is right: Obamacare is 'crazy', 'doesn't work' and 'doesn't make sense'. Thanks Bill for telling the truth.
Thank you for your kind remarks on the important issue of PTSD and the dishonest media. Great to be in Arizona yesterday!
'Small business says Trump is their pick for president'
EARLY VOTING: MN &amp; IA already underway, more states coming up in the next week: OH, ME, AZ, IN  check w/local officials for details &amp; VOTE!
Thank you South Carolina! Everyone has to get out and VOTE on 11/8/16. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Reuters polling just out- thank you! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Amazing rally in Reno, Nevada- thank you. Make sure you get out on 11/8 &amp; VOTE #TrumpPence16. Together, we will put #AmericaFirst &amp; #MAGA! 
Such a great honor! 
Nation's Immigration And Customs Enforcement Officers (ICE) Make First-Ever Presidential Endorsement:
Pennsylvania poll just released. Two rallies there on Mon- join me! Ambridge: -Barre: 
New Virginia poll- thank you! We are going to show the whole world that America is back - BIGGER, and BETTER, and STRONGER than ever before! 
Praying for everyone in Florida. Hoping the hurricane dissipates, but in any event, please be careful.
Volunteer to be a Trump Election Observer. Sign up today! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
'Donald Trump: A President for All Americans' 
VOTE #TrumpPence16 on 11/8/16! 
Thank you Tennessee! #MAGA 
New National Rasmussen Poll: 
Thoughts &amp; prayers with the millions of people in the path of Hurricane Matthew. Look out for neighbors, and listen to your local officials. 
Here is my statement. 
Certainly has been an interesting 24 hours!
The media and establishment want me out of the race so badly - I WILL NEVER DROP OUT OF THE RACE, WILL NEVER LET MY SUPPORTERS DOWN! #MAGA
Thank you to my great supporters in Wisconsin. I heard that the crowd and enthusiasm was unreal!
EXCLUSIVE  Video Interview: Bill Clinton Accuser Juanita Broaddrick Relives Brutal Rapes:
So many self-righteous hypocrites. Watch their poll numbers - and elections - go down!
LA Times- USC Dornsife Sunday Poll: Donald Trump Retains 2 Point Lead Over Hillary:
Exclusive Video-Broaddrick, Willey, Jones to Bill's Defenders: These Are Crimes, Terrified of Enabler Hillary 
The Palestinian terror attack today reminds the world of the grievous perils facing Israeli citizens....continued:
Join me on #FacebookLive as I conclude my final #debate preparations. 
My team of deplorables will be taking over my Twitter account for tonight's #debate #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Its this simple. Make America Great Again. #debate #BigLeagueTruth
Im not proud of my locker room talk. But this world has serious problems. We need serious leaders. #debate #BigLeagueTruth
Theres never been anyone more abusive to women in politics than Bill Clinton.My words were unfortunate-the Clintons actions were far worse
Donald J. Trump's History Of Empowering Women #BigLeagueTruth
If I win-I am going to instruct my AG to get a special prosecutor to look into your situation bc there's never been anything like your lies.
Basically nothing Hillary has said about her secret server has been true. #CrookedHillary
Hillarys 33,000 deleted emails about her daughters wedding. Thats a lot of wedding emails. #debate
ATTN: - Why did five of your staffers need FBI IMMUNITY?! #BigLeagueTruth #Debates
Obama and Clinton told the same lie to sell #ObamaCare.
We must repeal Obamacare and replace it with a much more competitive, comprehensive, affordable system. #debate #MAGA
Bill clarified what he meant when calling Obamacare a disaster. Actually disaster is pretty clear. #Debate
is NOT above the law!
#CrookedHillary has FAILED all over the world!  #BigLeagueTruth
- ITS CALLED EXTREME VETTING!
I hope when the MSM runs its interruption counters they consider the # of times the moderators interrupted me compared to Hillary. #Debate 
Hypocrite! claims she needs a public and a private stance in discussions with Wall Street banks. #Debate
We're going to cut taxes BIG LEAGUE for the middle class. She's raising your taxes and I'm lowering your taxes!
History lesson: Theres a big difference between Hillary Clinton and Abraham Lincoln. For one, his nickname is Honest Abe. #RattledHillary 
The world is most peaceful, and most prosperous when America is strongest. 
This is the definition of ransom  
We cannot let this evil continue!
In my administration, EVERY American will be treated equally, protected equally, and honored equally #Debate #BigLeagueTruth
If is president, shell be all talk and nothing will get done. #Debate #BigLeagueTruth
This country cannot take four more years of Barack Obama! #Debate
How can you unite a country if youve written off tens of millions of Americans? #Deplorables #BigLeagueTruth #Debate
Our country has the slowest growth since 1929. #BigLeagueTruth #debate
Hypocrite: is the single biggest beneficiary of Citizens United in history, by far. #debate #bigleaguetruth
MY PRO-GROWTH Econ Plan:Eliminate excessive regulations! Lean government! Lower taxes! #Debates #BigLeagueTruth 
Thank you St. Louis, Missouri! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Thank you for all of the great comments on the debate last night. Very exciting!
Paul Ryan should spend more time on balancing the budget, jobs and illegal immigration and not waste his time on fighting Republican nominee
CNN is the worst - fortunately they have bad ratings because everyone knows they are biased. 
Debate polls look great - thank you! #MAGA #AmericaFirst 
Is this really America? Terrible! 
Thank you Pennsylvania. This is a MOVEMENT like we have never seen before! #VoteTrumpPence16 on 11/8/16- together, we will #MAGA! 
Despite winning the second debate in a landslide (every poll), it is hard to do well when Paul Ryan and others give zero support!
Our very weak and ineffective leader, Paul Ryan, had a bad conference call where his members went wild at his disloyalty.
It is so nice that the shackles have been taken off me and I can now fight for America the way I want to.
With the exception of cheating Bernie out of the nom the Dems have always proven to be far more loyal to each other than the Republicans!
Disloyal R's are far more difficult than Crooked Hillary. They come at you from all sides. They dont know how to win - I will teach them!
Wow. Unbelievable. 
The very foul mouthed Sen. John McCain begged for my support during his primary (I gave, he won), then dropped me over locker room remarks!
In Texas now, leaving soon for BIG rally in Florida!
I hope people are looking at the disgraceful behavior of Hillary Clinton as exposed by WikiLeaks. She is unfit to run.
DON'T LET HER FOOL US AGAIN. 
VOTER REGISTRATION DEADLINES TODAY. You can register now at: and get out to #VoteTrumpPence2016! #MAGA 
Thank you Texas! If you haven't registered to VOTE- today is your last day. Go to: &amp; get out on 11/8/16 to #MAGA! 
Wow, Town Hall questions were given to Crooked Hillary Clinton in advance of big debates against Bernie Sanders. Hillary &amp; CNN FRAUD!
Join me Thursday in Florida &amp; Ohio! West Palm Beach, FL at noon:, OH this 7:30pm:
Thank you Florida- a MOVEMENT that has never been seen before and will never be seen again. Lets get out &amp; #VoteTrumpPence16 on 11/8! #MAGA 
Crooked Hillary Clinton likes to talk about the things she will do but she has been there for 30 years - why didn't she do them?
Very little pick-up by the dishonest media of incredible information provided by WikiLeaks. So dishonest! Rigged system!
PAY TO PLAY POLITICS. #CrookedHillary 
The people of Cuba have struggled too long. Will reverse Obama's Executive Orders and concessions towards Cuba until freedoms are restored.
The MOVEMENT in Lakeland, Florida. Voter registration extended to 10/18. REGISTER ASAP &amp; get out to VOTE on 11/8! 
I will be in Cincinnati, Ohio tomorrow night at 7:30pm- join me! #OhioVotesEarly #VoteTrumpPence16 Tickets: 
The phony story in the failing is a TOTAL FABRICATION. Written by same people as last discredited story on women. WATCH!
Join me in Ohio &amp; Maine! Cincinnati, Ohio- tonight 7:30pm:, Maine - Saturday 3pm: 
Thank you! #MAGA #AmericaFirst 
I am making a major speech in West Palm Beach, Florida at noon. Tune in!
Just left a great rally in Florida - now heading to Ohio for two more. Will be there soon.
Great event in Columbus- taking off for Cincinnati now. Great new Ohio poll out- thank you! OHIO NBC/WSJ/MARIST POLLTrump 42% Clinton 41%
Dem Gov. of MN. just announced that the Affordable Care Act (Obamacare) is no longer affordable. I've been saying this for years- disaster!
Join me in Greensboro, North Carolina tomorrow at 2:00pm! #TrumpRally 
Join me live in Cincinnati, Ohio! #TrumpRally #MAGA
Thank you to our U.S. Navy for protecting our country, both in times of peace &amp; war. Together, WE WILL MAKE AMERICA SAFE &amp; GREAT AGAIN! 
WHAT THEY ARE SAYING ABOUT THE CLINTON CAMPAIGNS ANTI-CATHOLIC BIGOTRY: 
Thank you for your support Greensboro, North Carolina. Next stop - Charlotte! #MAGA 
Make sure you're registered to vote! Let's #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! We can't afford more years of FAILURE! All info: 
Thank you Charlotte, North Carolina! We are going to have an AMAZING victory on November 8th...because this is all about the people! #MAGA 
Thank you ! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
100% fabricated and made-up charges, pushed strongly by the media and the Clinton Campaign, may poison the minds of the American Voter. FIX!
This election is being rigged by the media pushing false and unsubstantiated charges, and outright lies, in order to elect Crooked Hillary!
Will be in Bangor, Maine today at 3pm- join me! #MAGATickets: 
Hillary Clinton should have been prosecuted and should be in jail. Instead she is running for president in what looks like a rigged election
The truth is a beautiful weapon. 
Landing in New Hampshire soon to talk about the massive drug problem there, and all over the country.
The MOVEMENT in Portsmouth, New Hampshire w/ 7K supporters. THANK YOU! This is the biggest election of our lifetime- get out &amp; VOTE on 11/8! 
Nothing ever happened with any of these women. Totally made up nonsense to steal the election. Nobody has more respect for women than me!
The failing reporters don't even call us anymore, they just write whatever they want to write, making up sources along the way!
Thank you Bangor, Maine! Get out &amp; #VoteTrumpPence16 on 11/8/16- and together we will MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN! 
A great day in New Hampshire and Maine. Fantastic crowds and energy! #MAGA
Thank you for sharing Amy. 
Watched Saturday Night Live hit job on me.Time to retire the boring and unfunny show. Alec Baldwin portrayal stinks. Media rigging election!
Polls close, but can you believe I lost large numbers of women voters based on made up events THAT NEVER HAPPENED. Media rigging election!
Election is being rigged by the media, in a coordinated effort with the Clinton campaign, by putting stories that never happened into news!
They let Crooked &amp; the Gang off the hook for the crime, but it looks like the cover-up is just as bad. Unbelievable! 
A country that Crooked Hillary says has funded ISIS also gave Wild Bill $1 million for his birthday? SO CORRUPT! 
Hillary's staff thought her email scandal might just blow over. Who would trust these people with national security? 
We've all wondered how Hillary avoided prosecution for her email scheme. Wikileaks may have found the answer. Obama! 
The election is absolutely being rigged by the dishonest and distorted media pushing Crooked Hillary - but also at many polling places - SAD
Join me in Wisconsin tomorrow or Colorado on Tuesday! Green Bay- 6pm Springs- 1pm 
The Democrats have a corrupt political machine pushing crooked Hillary Clinton. We have Paul Ryan, always fighting the Republican nominee!
Paul Ryan, a man who doesn't know how to win (including failed run four years ago), must start focusing on the budget, military, vets etc.
Finally, in the new ABC News/Washington Post Poll, Hillary Clinton is down 11 points with WOMEN VOTERS and the election is close at 47-43!
Animals representing Hillary Clinton and Dems in North Carolina just firebombed our office in Orange County because we are winning 
ALL SAFE IN ORANGE COUNTY, NORTH CAROLINA. With you all the way, will never forget. Now we have to win. Proud of you all! 
Can't believe these totally phoney stories, 100% made up by women (many already proven false) and pushed big time by press, have impact!
Of course there is large scale voter fraud happening on and before election day. Why do Republican leaders deny what is going on? So naive!
We have all got to come together and win this election. We can't have four more years of Obama (or worse!).
WikiLeaks proves even the Clinton campaign knew Crooked mishandled classified info, but no one gets charged? RIGGED! 
Unbelievable. 
Voter fraud! Crooked Hillary Clinton even got the questions to a debate, and nobody says a word. Can you imagine if I got the questions?
Wow, new polls just came out from Great numbers, especially after total media hit job. Leading Ohio 48 - 44.
New polls are good because the media has deceived the public by putting women front and center with made-up stories and lies, and got caught
Crooked Hillary colluded w/FBI and DOJ and media is covering up to protect her. It's a #RiggedSystem! Our country deserves better! 
Join me in Colorado Springs, Colorado tomorrow at 1:00pm! #MAGA Tickets: 
Trump Virginia Office Announces Statewide TV Ad Strategy and Leadership Team: 
I will sign the first bill to repeal #Obamacare and give Americans many choices and much lower rates!
My wife, Melania, will be interviewed tonight at 8:00pm by Anderson Cooper on I have no doubt she will do very well. Enjoy!
Yet more evidence of a media-rigged election: 
Get rich quick! Crooked Hillary Clinton's pay to play guide: 
EXCLUSIVE: FBI Agents Say Comey Stood In The Way Of Clinton Email Investigation:
Donald J. Trump Ethics Reform Plan For Washington D.C.
Great night in WI. Im going to fight for every person in this country who believes government should serve the PEOPLE -- not the donors! 
I will Make Our Government Honest Again -- believe me. But first, I'm going to have to #DrainTheSwamp in DC. 
Pay-to-play. Collusion. Cover-ups. And now bribery? So CROOKED. I will #DrainTheSwamp. 
If we let Crooked run the govt, history will remember 2017 as the year America lost its independence. #DrainTheSwamp 
Hillarys Aides Urged Her to Take Foreign Lobbyist Donation And Deal With Attacks: 
FL, KS, ME, MD, MN, NJ, OR &amp; WV! It's the LAST DAY to mail in voter reg forms. Get the forms at so we can #MAGA! 
Thank you Colorado Springs. If Im elected President I am going to keep Radical Islamic Terrorists out of our country! #DrainTheSwamp 
'Trump rally disrupter was once on Clinton's payroll'
'Clinton Campaign Tried to Limit Damage From Classified Info on Email Server' #DrainTheSwamp 
Hillary is the most corrupt person to ever run for the presidency of the United States. #DrainTheSwamp 
Time to #DrainTheSwamp in Washington, D.C. and VOTE #TrumpPence16 on 11/8/2016. Together, we will MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN! 
#DrainTheSwamp 
Food Groups - Emails Show Clinton Campaign Organized Potential VPs By Race And Gender: 
It is time to #DrainTheSwamp!
More Anti-Catholic Emails From Team Clinton: 
The State Department's 'shadow government' #DrainTheSwamp 
'Scandals surround Clinton's gatekeeper at State'#DrainTheSwamp 
'State works hard, and illegally, for Clinton' #DrainTheSwamp 
'Dem Operative Who Oversaw Trump Rally Agitators Visited White House 342 Times' #DrainTheSwamp 
'Top Hillary Adviser Mocked, Plotted Attacks on Pro-Sanders Civil Rights Leader' #DrainTheSwamp 
Join me in Delaware, Ohio tomorrow at 12:30pm! #DrainTheSwamp Tickets: 
'Hillary Clinton Deleted Emails With Her Email Server Technician'
Obamacare premiums increasing 33% in Pennsylvania - a complete disaster. It must be repealed and replaced! #DrainTheSwamp 
I am going to expand the definition of LOBBYIST - so we close all the LOOPHOLES! #DrainTheSwamp 
I will issue a lifetime ban against senior executive branch officials lobbying on behalf of a FOREIGN GOVERNMENT! #DrainTheSwamp 
Join my team tonight at 8:30pmE! 
'Over 250,000 to Lose Health Insurance in Battleground North Carolina Due to #Obamacare'
UNBELIEVABLE! Clinton campaign contractor caught in voter-fraud video is a felon who visited White House 342 times: 
I will be handing over my Twitter account to my team of deplorables for tonight's #debate #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Tune in at and get the word out #BigLeagueTruth #Debate Help us spread the TRUTH, stop the LIES! 
This is an incredible MOVEMENT- WE are going to take our country BACK! #November8th #BigLeagueTruth #Debate 
Ready to lead. Ready to Make America Great Again. #Debate #MAGA
Hillary Clinton wants to create the most liberal Supreme Court in history #debate #DrainTheSwamp 
The 2nd Amendment is under siege. We need SCOTUS judges who will uphold the US Constitution. #Debate #BigLeagueTruth
lists litany of ways she plans to restrict gun rights. 2A will not survive a Hillary presidency. #Debate #BigLeagueTruth
It is so imperative that we have the right justices. #DrainTheSwamp #Debates #BigLeagueTruth 
#SecondAmendment #2A #Debates 
Drugs are pouring into this country. If we have no border, we have no country. Thats why ICE endorsed me. #Debate #BigLeagueTruth
Hillary Clinton will use American tax dollars to provide amnesty for thousands of illegals. I will put #AmericaFirst! #BigLeagueTruth 
One of my first acts as President will be to deport the drug lords and then secure the border. #Debate #MAGA
Plain &amp; Simple: We should only admit into this country those who share our VALUES and RESPECT our people. 
Hillary is too weak to lead on border security-no solutions, no ideas, no credibility.She supported NAFTA, worst deal in US history. #Debate
TRUMP &amp; CLINTON ON IMMIGRATION #Debate #BigLeagueTruth 
Moderator: Hillary paid $225,000 by a Brazilian bank for a speech that called for open borders. Thats a quote! #Debate #BigLeagueTruth
Hey - WE AGREE! #BigLeagueTruth #DrainTheSwamp 
Hillary has called for 550% more Syrian immigrants, but wont even mention radical Islamic terrorists. #Debate #BigLeagueTruth 
.- you have failed, failed, and failed. #BigLeagueTruthTime to #DrainTheSwamp! 
Moderator: Hillary plan calls for more regulation and more government spending. #Debate #BigLeagueTruth
has been a foreign policy DISASTER for the American people. I will #MakeAmericaStrongAgain #Debate #BigLeagueTruth 
talking about jobs? Remember what she promised upstate New York. #BigLeagueTruth #Debates 
.tax hikes will CRUSH our economy. I will cut taxes -- BIG LEAGUE. 
#BigLeagueTruth 
This is what we can expect from #CrookedHillary. More Taxes. More Spending. #BigLeageTruth #DrainTheSwamp #Debates 
I will renegotiate NAFTA. If I cant make a great deal, were going to tear it up. Were going to get this economy running again. #Debate
THE CHOICE IS CLEAR! #BigLeagueTruth #DrainTheSwamp 
#CrookedHillary gives Obama an A for an economic recovery thats the slowest since WWII... #BigLeagueTruth #DrainTheSwamp 
has been doing this for THIRTY YEARS....where has she been? #BigLeagueTruth
Crooked Hillary has never created a job in her life. We will create 25 million jobs. Think she can do that? Not a chance. #BigLeagueTruth 
Our country is stagnant. Weve lost jobs and business. We dont make things anymore b/c of the bill Hillarys husband signed and she blessed
Brought to you by &amp; her campaign- in Chicago, Illinois. #BigLeagueTruth #DrainTheSwamp 
#CrookedHillary is nothing more than a Wall Street PUPPET! #BigLeagueTruth #Debate 
I will do more in the first 30 days in office than Hillary has done in the last 30 years! #Debate #BigLeagueTruth 
She'll say anything and change NOTHING! #MAGA #BigLeagueTruth 
loves to lie. America has had enough of the CLINTON'S! It is time to #DrainTheSwamp! Debates 
Moderator: Respectfully, you wont answer the pay-to-play question. #Debate #BigLeagueTruth
Crooked foundation is a CRIMINAL ENTERPRISE. Time to #DrainTheSwamp! #BigLeagueTruth #Debate
Crookeds top aides were MIRED in massive conflicts of interests at the State Dept. We MUST #DrainTheSwamp #Debate
You should give the money back ! #DrainTheSwamp 
HILLARY FAILED ALL OVER THE WORLD. #BigLeagueTruth LIBYASYRIAIRANIRAQASIA PIVOTRUSSIAN RESETBENGHAZI #DrainTheSwamp 
Bernie Sanders on HRC: Bad Judgement. John Podesta on HRC: Bad Instincts. #BigLeagueTruth #Debate
#BigLeagueTruth #DrainTheSwamp 
I opposed going into Iraq. Hillary voted for it. As with everything else she's supported, it was a DISASTER. 
After Crooked allowed ISIS to rise, she now claims she'll defeat them? LAUGHABLE! Here's my plan: 
I WILL DEFEAT ISIS. THEY HAVE BEEN AROUND TOO LONG! What has our leadership been doing? #DrainTheSwamp 
USA has the greatest business people in the world but we let political hacks negotiate our deals. We need change! #BigLeagueTruth #Debate
Together we can save American JOBS, American LIVES, and AMERICAN FUTURES! #Debates 
The economy cannot take four more years of these same failed policies. #BigLeagueTruth #DrainTheSwamp 
ISIS has infiltrated countries all over Europe by posing as refugees, and will allow it to happen here, too! #BigLeagueTruth 
We have to repeal &amp; replace #Obamacare! Look at what is doing to people! #DrainTheSwamp 
HILLARY'S HEALTH CARE POLICIES #DrainTheSwamp #Debate 
I started this campaign to Make America Great Again. Thats what Im going to do. #MAGA #debate
We cannot take four more years of Barack Obama and thats what youll get if you vote for Hillary. #BigLeagueTruth
The era of division is coming to an end. We will create a new future of #AmericanUnity. First, we need to #DrainTheSwamp! #Debates 
Join my team over on my Facebook page- live now! #Debates 
That was really exciting. Made all of my points. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Great poll - thank you America! Once we #DrainTheSwamp, together we will #MAGA #Debate 
Join the MOVEMENT to #MAGA! 
The Washington Times Presidential Debate Poll:TRUMP 77% (18,290)CLINTON 17% (4,100)#DrainTheSwamp #Debate 
Totally dishonest Donna Brazile chokes on the truth. Highly illegal! Watch: 
Just landed in Ohio. Thank you America- I am honored to win the final debate for our MOVEMENT. It is time to #DrainTheSwamp &amp; #MAGA! 
Thank you America! #MAGARasmussen National PollDonald Trump 43% Hillary Clinton 40% 
Why didn't Hillary Clinton announce that she was inappropriately given the debate questions - she secretly used them! Crooked Hillary.
If elected POTUS - I will stop RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISM in this country! In order to do this, we need to #DrainTheSwamp! 
Thank you Delaware County, Ohio! Remember- either we WIN this election, or we are going to LOSE this country! #DrainTheSwamp #TrumpPence16 
Want access to Crooked Hillary? Don't forget - it's going to cost you! #DrainTheSwamp #PayToPlay 
#ICYMI - OHIO RALLY! Watch here: 
UPCOMING RALLIES - JOIN ME! TOMORROWFletcher, NC 12pm., OH 7pm. 
'Trump won the third debate'
Crooked Hillary promised 200k jobs in NY and FAILED. We'll create 25M jobs when I'm president, and I will DELIVER! 
In addition to those without health coverage- those that have disastrous #Obamacare are seeing MASSIVE PREMIUM INCREASES. Repeal &amp; replace! 
Hillary &amp; Obama's Broken Promises. #RepealObamacare 
The results are in on the final debate and it is almost unanimous, I WON! Thank you, these are very exciting times.
Great crowd in Fletcher, North Carolina- thank you! Heading to Johnstown, Pennsylvania now! Get out on November 8th and #VoteTrumpPence16! 
#CrookedHillary was at center of negotiating $12M commitment from King Mohammed VI of Morocco to Clinton Fdn. 
A top Clinton Foundation official said he could name 500 different examples of conflicts of interest. 
Great crowd in Johnstown, Pennsylvania- thank you. Get out &amp; VOTE on 11/8! Watch the MOVEMENT in PA. this afternoon: 
'Clinton Campaign And Harry Reid Worked With New York Times To Smear State Dept Watchdog'Time to #DrainTheSwamp! 
Donna Brazile Shreds Obama Economy - Acting DNC chair says 'people are more in despair about how things are' 
WikiLeaks reveals Clinton camps work with VERY friendly and malleable reporters #DrainTheSwamp #CrookedHillary
#CrookedHillary sending U.S. intelligence info. to Podestas hacked email is unquestionably an OPSEC violation 
Thank you to the great crowd of supporters in Newtown, Pennsylvania. Get out &amp; VOTE on 11/8/16. Lets #MAGA! Watch: 
Governor and I will be in Cleveland, Ohio tomorrow night at 7pm - join us! #MAGATickets: 
Just returned from Pennsylvania where we will be bringing back their jobs. Amazing crowd. Will be going back tomorrow, to Gettysburg!
The media refuses to talk about the three new national polls that have me in first place. Biggest crowds ever - watch what happens!
Will be in Cleveland, Ohio w/ tonight- join us:, Florida-tomorrow 6pm: 
Landing in Pennsylvania now. Great new poll this morning, thank you. Lets #DrainTheSwamp and #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! TRUMP 42% CLINTON 40% 
Thank you Gettysburg, Pennsylvania! #DrainTheSwamp 
Crooked Hillary Clinton Tops Middle East Forums Islamist Money List'
Change has to come from outside our very broken system. #MAGA 
Today I introduced my Contract with the American Voter - our economy will be STRONG &amp; our people will be SAFE. 
In order to #DrainTheSwamp &amp; create a new GOVERNMENT of, by, &amp; for the PEOPLE, I need your VOTE! Go to - LET'S #MAGA!
Unbelievable crowd of supporters in Virginia Beach, Virginia. Thank you! Next stop - Cleveland, Ohio. #DrainTheSwamp 
Hillary Clinton: 'Architect of failure'#DrainTheSwamp #CrookedHillary
Just arrived in Cleveland, Ohio- join Governor and I now, LIVE: 
'Huma Abedin told Clinton her secret email account caused problems'
'Trump lays out policies for first 100 days in White House'
WikiLeaks: 'Clinton-Kaine Even Lied About Timing of Veep Pick'
Thank you for the massive turnout tonight- Cleveland, Ohio! Get out &amp; VOTE #TrumpPence16 on 11/8. Watch rally here: 
Well, Iran has done it again. Taken two of our people and asking for a fortune for their release. This doesn't happen if I'm president!
Thank you Las Vegas Review Journal! EDITORIAL: 'Donald Trump for president' 
Former Prosecutor: The Clintons Are So Corrupt, Everything They Touch Turns To Molten Lead 
Remember - get out on November 8th &amp; VOTE #TrumpPence16. It is time to #DrainTheSwamp -- this is our last chance! 
Join me in Naples, Florida this evening at 6:00pm! Tickets: 
#CrookedHillary #PayToPlay 
The attack on Mosul is turning out to be a total disaster. We gave them months of notice. U.S. is looking so dumb. VOTE TRUMP and WIN AGAIN!
Thank you Naples, Florida! Get out and VOTE #TrumpPence16 on 11/8. Lets #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! Full Naples rally: 
'Clinton Charity Got Up To $56 Million From Nations That Are Anti-Women, Gays' #CrookedHillary
'Clinton Ally Aided Campaign of FBI Officials Wife' 
Wow, just came out on secret tape that Crooked Hillary wants to take in as many Syrians as possible. We cannot let this happen - ISIS!
Major story that the Dems are making up phony polls in order to suppress the the Trump. We are going to WIN!
Why has nobody asked Kaine about the horrible views emanated on WikiLeaks about Catholics? Media in the tank for Clinton but Trump will win!
We are winning and the press is refusing to report it. Don't let them fool you- get out and vote! #DrainTheSwamp on November 8th!
Get out to VOTE on 11/8/2016- and we will #DrainTheSwamp! RASMUSSEN NATIONAL Trump 43% Clinton 41% 
Departing Farmers Round Table in Boynton Beach, Florida. Get out &amp; VOTE- lets #MAGA! EARLY VOTING BY FL. COUNTY: 
'The Clinton Foundations Most Questionable Foreign Donations'#PayToPlay #DrainTheSwamp
Leaving West Palm Beach, Florida now - heading to St. Augustine for a 3pm rally. Will be in Tampa at 7pm - join me: 
'Hillary Clinton Had Gun Control Supporters Planted In Town Hall Audience' 
Honored to receive an endorsement from - thank you! Together, we are going to MAKE AMERICA SAFE &amp; GREAT AGAIN! #LESM #MAGA 
Join me LIVE on my Facebook page in St. Augustine, Florida! Lets #DrainTheSwamp &amp; MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
THANK YOU St. Augustine, Florida! Get out and VOTE! Join the MOVEMENT - and lets #DrainTheSwamp! Off to Tampa now! #AmericaFirst 
Join me tomorrow in Sanford or Tallahassee, Florida! Sanford at 3pm: at 6pm:
'Democratic operative caught on camera: Hillary PERSONALLY ordered 'Donald Duck' troll campaign that broke the law'
Peter Navarro: 'Trump the Bull vs. Clinton the Bear' #DrainTheSwamp 
My contract with the American voter will restore honesty, accountability &amp; CHANGE to Washington! #DrainTheSwamp 
Thank you Bobby Bowden for the intro tonight and your support! I hope I can do as well for Florida as you have done! 
Record crowd in Tampa, Florida- thank you! We will WIN FLORIDA, #DrainTheSwamp in Washington D.C. and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
As election looms, some bad news for Clinton, Democrats:
#Obamacare premiums are about to SKYROCKET --- again. Crooked H will only make it worse. We will repeal &amp; replace! 
Key Obamacare premiums to jump 25% next year:
Get out and vote! I am your voice and I will fight for you! We will make America great again! 
#ObamacareFail 
#ObamacareFail 
Obamacare is a disaster! Time to repeal &amp; replace! #ObamacareFail 
#ObamacareFail 
Obamacare is a disaster - as I've been saying from the beginning. Time to repeal &amp; replace! #ObamacareFail 
Truly honored to receive the first ever presidential endorsement from the Bay of Pigs Veterans Association. #MAGA #ImWithYou 
Obamacare is a disaster. Rates going through the sky - ready to explode. I will fix it. Hillary can't! #ObamacareFailed
'Obama Warned Of Rigged Elections In 2008.' Time to #DrainTheSwamp 
Get your ballots in Colorado - I will see you soon -- and we will win! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
I have met &amp; spent a lot of time with families The Remembrance Project. I will fight for them everyday! #ImWithYou 
REPEAL AND REPLACE!!! #ObamaCareInThreeWords
Thank you Sanford, Florida. Get out &amp; VOTE #TrumpPence16! #ICYMI- watch this afternoons rally here: 
Thank you Tallahassee, Florida! A beautiful evening with the MOVEMENT! Get out &amp; VOTE! #ICYMI- watch here: 
REPEAL AND REPLACE OBAMACARE!
JOIN ME IN OHIO TOMORROW! Springfield-1pm:-4pm:-7pm: 
Hillary said she was under sniper fire (while surrounded by USSS.) Turned out to be a total lie. She is not fit to lead our country. 
Thank you Charlotte, North Carolina. Great afternoon! #ICYMI - I delivered a speech on urban renewal. Full speech: 
Beautiful evening in Kinston, North Carolina - thank you! Get out and VOTE!! You can watch tonight's rally here: 
Obamacare is a disaster. We must REPEAL &amp; REPLACE. Tired of the lies, and want to #DrainTheSwamp? Get out &amp; VOTE #TrumpPence16 &amp; lets #MAGA! 
A lot of call-ins about vote flipping at the voting booths in Texas. People are not happy. BIG lines. What is going on?
'WikiLeaks Drip-Drop Releases Prove One Thing: There's No Nov. 8 Deadline on Clinton's Dishonesty and Scandals'
I agree, - To all Americans, I see you &amp; I hear you. I am your voice. Vote to #DrainTheSwamp w/ me on 11/8. 
JOIN ME! #MAGATODAY:Springfield, OH Toledo, OH Geneva, OH FRIDAY:Manchester, NH Lisbon, ME Cedar Rapids, IA
Inside Bill Clinton Inc.: Hacked memo reveals intersection of charity and personal income. #DrainTheSwamp!
Join me live in Springfield, Ohio!
Thank you Springfield, Ohio. Get out and #VoteTrumpPence16! #ICYMI - watch here: #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
#ICYMI: I agree- To all Americans, I see you &amp; I hear you. I am your voice. Vote to #DrainTheSwamp with me on 11/8. 
Join me in Cedar Rapids, Iowa tomorrow at 7:00pm! #MAGA 
Join me live in Toledo, Ohio. Time to #DrainTheSwamp &amp; #MAGA!
I delivered a speech in Charlotte, North Carolina yesterday. I appreciate all of the feedback &amp; support. Lets #MAGA! 
I will be interviewed on tonight at 8:00 P.M. Enjoy!
Crooked Hillary launched her political career by letting terrorists off the hook. #DrainTheSwamp 
Join on Facebook &amp; watch tonight's rally from Geneva, Ohio- our 3rd rally of the day. #AmericaFirst #MAGA 
Thank you Geneva, Ohio. If I am elected President, I am going to keep RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISTS OUT of our country! #MakeAmericaSafeAgain 
Join me tonight in Cedar Rapids, Iowa at 7pm:, Arizona tomorrow night at 3pm: 
Heading to New Hampshire. Will be talking about the disaster known as ObamaCare!
Just out: Neera Tanden, Hillary Clinton adviser said, Israel is depressing. I think Israel is inspiring!
We must not let #CrookedHillary take her CRIMINAL SCHEME into the Oval Office. #DrainTheSwamp 
Just landed in Iowa - speaking soon!
Thank you Maine, New Hampshire and Iowa. The waiting is OVER! The time for change is NOW! We are going to #DrainTheSwamp &amp; #MAGA! #ImWithYou 
Join me in Colorado at 12pm tomorrow - or Arizona at 3pm! TICKETS:Golden: : 
I am in Colorado - big day planned - but nothing can be as big as yesterday!
Tomorrow! Las Vegas, NV- 11a:, CO- 4p:, NM- 7p: 
#ObamacareFail 
Departing Golden, CO. for Arizona now - after an unbelievable rally. Watch here: : 
So nice - great Americans outside Trump Tower right now. Thank you! 
THANK YOU Phoenix, Arizona! Time for new POWERFUL leadership. Just imagine what WE can accomplish in our first 100 days! #DrainTheSwamp 
Great day in Colorado &amp; Arizona. Will be in Nevada, Colorado and New Mexico tomorrow - join me! Tickets: 
We are now leading in many polls, and many of these were taken before the criminal investigation announcement on Friday - great in states!
Hillary and the Dems loved and praised FBI Director Comey just a few days ago. Original evidence was overwhelming, should not have delayed!
Wow, Twitter, Google and Facebook are burying the FBI criminal investigation of Clinton. Very dishonest media!
See you tomorrow Michigan! Grand Rapids, MI tomorrow at noon:, MI tomorrow at 3pm: 
Thank you Las Vegas, Nevada- I love you! Departing for Greeley, Colorado now. Get out &amp; VOTE! #ICYMI- watch here: 
Thank you Greeley, CO! REAL change means restoring honesty to the govt. Our plan will END govt. corruption! Watch: 
Beautiful rally in Albuquerque, New Mexico this evening - thank you. Get out &amp; VOTE! #DrainTheSwampWatch rally: 
Join me tomorrow in Michigan! Grand Rapids at 12pm: at 3pm: 
'Hillary's Two Official Favors To Morocco Resulted In $28 Million For Clinton Foundation' #DrainTheSwamp
Legendary basketball coach Bobby Knight who has 900+ wins, many championships and a gold medal will be introducing me in Michigan shortly. 
$25 Million+ raised online in just one week! RECORD WEEK. #DrainTheSwamp Today we set a bigger record. Contribute &gt;
Thank you Grand Rapids, Michigan! #ICYMI- watch: 
#ObamacareFail #HillarycareFail 
Wow! I hear you Warren, Michigan. Streaming live - join us America. It is time to DRAIN THE SWAMP! Watch: 
Look at the way Crooked Hillary is handling the e-mail case and the total mess she is in. She is unfit to be president. Bad judgement!
Wow, now leading in /Poll 46 to 45. Gone up 12 points in two weeks, mostly before the Crooked Hillary blow-up!
Crooked Hillary should not be allowed to run for president. She deleted 33,000 e-mails AFTER getting a subpoena from U.S. Congress. RIGGED!
JOIN ME TOMORROW IN FLORIDA! MIAMI12pm4pm7pm 
So terrible that Crooked didn't report she got the debate questions from Donna Brazile, if that were me it would have been front page news!
#ICYMI: Governor and I were in Valley Forge, Pennsylvania today. You can watch it here: 
is a very good man. Help him win his congressional seat in California.
'Kept me out of jail': Top DOJ official involved in Clinton probe represented her campaign chairman: 
Trump promises special session to repeal Obamacare: 
Hillary Advisers Wanted Her To Avoid Supporting Israel When Talking To Democrats: 
Mika Brzezinski: Dem Criticism of Comey Reinforcing Idea Theres Something There' 
'Podesta urged Clinton team to hand over emails after use of private server emerged' 
WikiLeaks emails reveal Podesta urging Clinton camp to 'dump' emails. Time to #DrainTheSwamp!
Thank you for your incredible support Wisconsin and Governor ! It is time to #DrainTheSwamp &amp; #MAGA! 
Join me in Florida tomorrow! MIAMI12pm4pm7pm 
You can change your vote in six states. So, now that you see that Hillary was a big mistake, change your vote to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I am going to repeal and replace ObamaCare. We will have MUCH less expensive and MUCH better healthcare. With Hillary, costs will triple!
Crooked Hillary Clinton deleted 33,000 e-mails AFTER they were subpoenaed by the United States Congress. Guilty - cannot run. Rigged system!
Praying for the families of the two Iowa police who were ambushed this morning. An attack on those who keep us safe is an attack on us all.
Thank you Miami! In 6 days, we are going to WIN the GREAT STATE of FLORIDA - and we are going to win back the White House! #VOTE! 
Clinton camp fumed when surrogate told supporters Clinton planned to betray labor on TPP post-election: 
After decades of lies and scandal, Crooked Hillary's corruption is closing in. #DrainTheSwamp! 
Thank you Orlando, Florida! We are just six days away from delivering justice for every forgotten man, woman and child in this country! 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #6Days 
Thank you Arlene! We will MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN! #ImWithYou #DrainTheSwamp 
My wife, Melania, will be speaking in Pennsylvania this afternoon. So exciting, big crowds! I will be watching from North Carolina.
ObamaCare is a total disaster. Hillary Clinton wants to save it by making it even more expensive. Doesn't work, I will REPEAL AND REPLACE!
Looking at Air Force One MIA. Why is he campaigning instead of creating jobs &amp; fixing Obamacare? Get back to work for the American people!
Watching my beautiful wife, Melania, speak about our love of country and family. We will make you all very proud. 
Thank you Concord, North Carolina! When WE win on November 8th, we are going to Washington, D.C. and we are going to #DrainTheSwamp! 
#CrookedHillary is unfit to serve. 
Join me in Wilmington, Ohio tomorrow at 4:00pm! It is time to #DrainTheSwamp! Tickets: 
There is no challenge too great, no dream outside of our reach! Thank you Selma, North Carolina! #ICYMI, watch here: 
Join me today in Wilmington, Ohio at 4pm: - Tampa, Florida at 10am: 
Clinton Aides: Definitely Not Releasing Some HRC Emails:
Thank you NH! We will end illegal immigration, stop the drugs, deport all criminal aliens&amp;save American lives! Watch 
'ICE OFFICERS WARN HILLARY IMMIGRATION PLAN WILL UNLEASH GANGS, CARTELS &amp; DRUG VIOLENCE NATIONWIDE' 
If Obama worked as hard on straightening out our country as he has trying to protect and elect Hillary, we would all be much better off!
Join me live in Wilmington, Ohio!
Thank you Ohio! VOTE so we can replace Obamacare and save healthcare for every family in the United States! Watch: 
The only thing that can stop this corrupt machine is YOU. The only force strong enough to save our country is US. #VoteTrumpPence16 
Join me live in Hershey, Pennsylvania! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain LIVE: 
Join me in Denver, Colorado tomorrow at 9:30pm! Tickets: 
Thank you Hershey, Pennsylvania. Get out &amp; VOTE on November 8th &amp; we will #MAGA! #RallyForRiley #ICYMI, watch here: 
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Join me in Denver, Colorado tonight at 9:30pm: - Scranton, Pennsylvania Monday 5:30pm: 
Thank you for the incredible support this morning Tampa, Florida! #ICYMI- watch here: 
Thank you Wilmington, North Carolina. We are 3 days away from the CHANGE you've been waiting for your entire life! #MAGA #VoteTrumpPence16! 
Watch Coach Mike Ditka- a great guy and supporter tonight at 8pmE on #WattersWorld with 
Must Act Immediately: Clinton Charity Lawyer Told Execs They Were Breaking The Law
Top Clinton Aides Bemoan Campaign All Tactics, No Vision: 
#DrainTheSwamp!
JOIN ME TOMORROW! MINNESOTA  2pm  6pm  9:30pm 
Join me live in Reno, Nevada! 
Thank you Reno, Nevada. NOTHING will stop us in our quest to MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN! #AmericaFirst 
Great night in Denver, Colorado- thank you! Together, we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! #ICYMI watch rally here: 
Van Jones: There Is A Crack in the Blue Wall  It Has to Do With Trade: 
Thank you Iowa - Get out &amp; #VoteTrumpPence16! 
MONDAY - 11/7/2016Scranton, Pennsylvania at 5:30pm. Rapids, Michigan at 11pm. 
Thank you Minnesota! It is time to #DrainTheSwamp &amp; #MAGA! #ICYMI- watch: 
Our American comeback story begins 11/8/16. Together, we will MAKE AMERICA SAFE &amp; GREAT again for everyone! Watch: 
Thank you Michigan! This is a MOVEMENT that will never be seen again- it's our last chance to #DrainTheSwamp! Watch: 
Thank you Pennsylvania- I am forever grateful for your amazing support. Lets MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! #MAGA 
Thank you for you support Virginia! In ONE DAY - get out and #VoteTrumpPence16! #ICYMI: 
Starting tomorrow it's going to be #AmericaFirst! Thank you for a great morning Sarasota, Florida! Watch here: 
Just landed in North Carolina- heading to the J.S. Dorton Arena. See you all soon! Lets #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! 
On my way! 
I love you North Carolina- thank you for your amazing support! Get out and tomorrow! Watch: 
'Why Trump' 
'What I Like About Trump... and Why You Need to Vote for Him'
'America must decide between failed policies or fresh perspective, a corrupt system or an outsider'
Hey Missouri let's defeat Crooked Hillary &amp; ! Koster supports Obamacare &amp; amnesty! Vote outsider Navy SEAL !
LIVE on #Periscope: Join me for a few minutes in Pennsylvania. Get out &amp; VOTE tomorrow. LETS #MAGA!! 
Thank you Pennsylvania! Going to New Hampshire now and on to Michigan. Watch PA rally here: big vote tomorrow! 
Today in Florida, I pledged to stand with the people of Cuba and Venezuela in their fight against oppression- cont: 
Big news to share in New Hampshire tonight! Polls looking great! See you soon.
Unbelievable evening in New Hampshire - THANK YOU! Flying to Grand Rapids, Michigan now. Watch NH rally here: 
Today we are going to win the great state of MICHIGAN and we are going to WIN back the White House! Thank you MI! 
TODAY WE MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
VOTE TODAY! Go to to find your polling location. We are going to Make America Great Again! #VoteTrump #ElectionDay 
We need your vote. Go to the POLLS! Let's continue this MOVEMENT! Find your poll location: #ElectionDay #VoteTrump 
#ElectionDay 
I will be watching the election results from Trump Tower in Manhattan with my family and friends. Very exciting!
Don't let up, keep getting out to vote - this election is FAR FROM OVER! We are doing well but there is much time left. GO FLORIDA!
Still time to #VoteTrump! #iVoted #ElectionNight 
Watching the returns at 9:45pm. #ElectionNight #MAGA 
Such a beautiful and important evening! The forgotten man and woman will never be forgotten again. We will all come together as never before
Happy 241st birthday to the U.S. Marine Corps! Thank you for your service!! 
A fantastic day in D.C. Met with President Obama for first time. Really good meeting, great chemistry. Melania liked Mrs. O a lot!
Just had a very open and successful presidential election. Now professional protesters, incited by the media, are protesting. Very unfair!
Love the fact that the small groups of protesters last night have passion for our great country. We will all come together and be proud!
Busy day planned in New York. Will soon be making some very important decisions on the people who will be running our government!
Today we express our deepest gratitude to all those who have served in our armed forces. #ThankAVet 
This will prove to be a great time in the lives of ALL Americans. We will unite and we will win, win, win!
The sent a letter to their subscribers apologizing for their BAD coverage of me. I wonder if it will change - doubt it?
Mitt Romney called to congratulate me on the win. Very nice!
Jeb Bush, George W and George H.W. all called to express their best wishes on the win. Very nice!
Governor John Kasich of the GREAT, GREAT, GREAT State of Ohio called to congratulate me on the win. The people of Ohio were incredible!
I will be interviewed on tonight after the NFL game - 7:00 P.M. Enjoy!
The debates, especially the second and third, plus speeches and intensity of the large rallies, plus OUR GREAT SUPPORTERS, gave us the win!
If the election were based on total popular vote I would have campaigned in N.Y. Florida and California and won even bigger and more easily
The Electoral College is actually genius in that it brings all states, including the smaller ones, into play. Campaigning is much different!
Very organized process taking place as I decide on Cabinet and many other positions. I am the only one who knows who the finalists are!
The failing story is so totally wrong on transition. It is going so smoothly. Also, I have spoken to many foreign leaders.
I have recieved and taken calls from many foreign leaders despite what the failing said. Russia, U.K., China, Saudi Arabia, Japan,
Australia, New Zealand, and more. I am always available to them. is just upset that they looked like fools in their coverage of me.
My transition team, which is working long hours and doing a fantastic job, will be seeing many great candidates today. #MAGA
Just got a call from my friend Bill Ford, Chairman of Ford, who advised me that he will be keeping the Lincoln plant in Kentucky - no Mexico
I worked hard with Bill Ford to keep the Lincoln plant in Kentucky. I owed it to the great State of Kentucky for their confidence in me!
Will be working all weekend in choosing the great men and women who will be helping to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I settled the Trump University lawsuit for a small fraction of the potential award because as President I have to focus on our country.
The ONLY bad thing about winning the Presidency is that I did not have the time to go through a long but winning trial on Trump U. Too bad!
Our wonderful future V.P. Mike Pence was harassed last night at the theater by the cast of Hamilton, cameras blazing.This should not happen!
The Theater must always be a safe and special place. The cast of Hamilton was very rude last night to a very good man, Mike Pence. Apologize!
The cast and producers of Hamilton, which I hear is highly overrated, should immediately apologize to Mike Pence for their terrible behavior
Numerous patriots will be coming to Bedminster today as I continue to fill out the various positions necessary to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I watched parts of Saturday Night Live last night. It is a totally one-sided, biased show - nothing funny at all. Equal time for us?
I have always had a good relationship with Chuck Schumer. He is far smarter than Harry R and has the ability to get things done. Good news!
update and policy plans for the first 100 days. 
Prior to the election it was well known that I have interests in properties all over the world. Only the crooked media makes this a big deal!
Many people would like to see represent Great Britain as their Ambassador to the United States. He would do a great job!
I cancelled today's meeting with the failing when the terms and conditions of the meeting were changed at the last moment. Not nice
Perhaps a new meeting will be set up with the In the meantime they continue to cover me inaccurately and with a nasty tone!
The failing just announced that complaints about them are at a 15 year high. I can fully understand that - but why announce?
Great meetings will take place today at Trump Tower concerning the formation of the people who will run our government for the next 8 years.
'President-elect Donald J. Trump's CIA Director Garners Praise' 
'Jeff Sessions, a Fitting Selection for Attorney General'
The meeting with the is back on at 12:30 today. Look forward to it!
I am seriously considering Dr. Ben Carson as the head of HUD. I've gotten to know him well--he's a greatly talented person who loves people!
Bus crash in Tennessee so sad &amp; so terrible. Condolences to all family members and loved ones. These beautiful children will be remembered!
Let us give thanks for all that we have, and let us boldly face the exciting new frontiers that lie ahead. Happy Thanksgiving. 
Happy Thanksgiving to everyone. We will, together, MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I am working hard, even on Thanksgiving, trying to get Carrier A.C. Company to stay in the U.S. (Indiana). MAKING PROGRESS - Will know soon!
Fidel Castro is dead!
The Green Party scam to fill up their coffers by asking for impossible recounts is now being joined by the badly defeated &amp; demoralized Dems
The Democrats, when they incorrectly thought they were going to win, asked that the election night tabulation be accepted. Not so anymore!
Hillary Clinton conceded the election when she called me just prior to the victory speech and after the results were in. Nothing will change
and fair elections. We've accepted the outcomes when we may not have liked them, and that is what must be expected of anyone standing on a -
during a general election. I, for one, am appalled that somebody that is the nominee of one of our two major parties would take that kind --
In addition to winning the Electoral College in a landslide, I won the popular vote if you deduct the millions of people who voted illegally
It would have been much easier for me to win the so-called popular vote than the Electoral College in that I would only campaign in 3 or 4--
states instead of the 15 states that I visited. I would have won even more easily and convincingly (but smaller states are forgotten)!
Serious voter fraud in Virginia, New Hampshire and California - so why isn't the media reporting on this? Serious bias - big problem!
If Cuba is unwilling to make a better deal for the Cuban people, the Cuban/American people and the U.S. as a whole, I will terminate deal.
Just met with General Petraeus--was very impressed!
is so embarrassed by their total (100%) support of Hillary Clinton, and yet her loss in a landslide, that they don't know what to do.
The Great State of Michigan was just certified as a Trump WIN giving all of our MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN supporters another victory - 306!
I thought that would get better after they failed so badly in their support of Hillary Clinton however, since election, they are worse!
Nobody should be allowed to burn the American flag - if they do, there must be consequences - perhaps loss of citizenship or year in jail!
My thoughts and prayers are with the great people of Tennessee during these terrible wildfires. Stay safe!
'President-Elect Donald J. Trump Intends to Nominate Congressman Tom Price and Seema Verma.' 
'President-Elect Donald J. Trump Nominates Elaine Chao as Secretary of the Department of Transportation'
I will be going to Indiana on Thursday to make a major announcement concerning Carrier A.C. staying in Indianapolis. Great deal for workers!
Big day on Thursday for Indiana and the great workers of that wonderful state. We will keep our companies and jobs in the U.S. Thanks Carrier
ISIS is taking credit for the terrible stabbing attack at Ohio State University by a Somali refugee who should not have been in our country.
I will be holding a major news conference in New York City with my children on December 15 to discuss the fact that I will be leaving my...
great business in total in order to fully focus on running the country in order to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! While I am not mandated to....
do this under the law, I feel it is visually important, as President, to in no way have a conflict of interest with my various businesses..
Hence, legal documents are being crafted which take me completely out of business operations. The Presidency is a far more important task!
Join me in Cincinnati, Ohio tomorrow evening at 7:00pm. I am grateful for all of your support. THANK YOU! Tickets: 
'President-elect Donald J. Trump today announced his intent to nominate Steven Mnuchin, Wilbur Ross &amp; Todd Ricketts' 
'Donald Trump is already helping the working class' 
Look forward to going to Indiana tomorrow in order to be with the great workers of Carrier. They will sell many air conditioners!
My thoughts and prayers are with those affected by the tragic storms and tornadoes in the Southeastern United States. Stay safe!
Getting ready to leave for the Great State of Indiana and meet the hard working and wonderful people of Carrier A.C.
Heading to U.S. Bank Arena in Cincinnati, Ohio for a 7pm rally. Join me! Tickets: 
Thank you Ohio! Together, we made history - and now, the real work begins. America will start winning again! #AmericaFirst 
The President of Taiwan CALLED ME today to wish me congratulations on winning the Presidency. Thank you!
Interesting how the U.S. sells Taiwan billions of dollars of military equipment but I should not accept a congratulatory call.
Rexnord of Indiana is moving to Mexico and rather viciously firing all of its 300 workers. This is happening all over our country. No more!
State Treasurer John Kennedy is my choice for US Senator from Louisiana. Early voting today; election next Saturday.
Our great VPE,, is in Louisiana campaigning for John Kennedy for US Senate. John will be a tremendous help to us in Washington.
Just tried watching Saturday Night Live - unwatchable! Totally biased, not funny and the Baldwin impersonation just can't get any worse. Sad
The U.S. is going to substantialy reduce taxes and regulations on businesses, but any business that leaves our country for another country,
fires its employees, builds a new factory or plant in the other country, and then thinks it will sell its product back into the U.S.......
without retribution or consequence, is WRONG! There will be a tax on our soon to be strong border of 35% for these companies......
wanting to sell their product, cars, A.C. units etc., back across the border. This tax will make leaving financially difficult, but.....
these companies are able to move between all 50 states, with no tax or tariff being charged. Please be forewarned prior to making a very...
expensive mistake! THE UNITED STATES IS OPEN FOR BUSINESS
The Green Party just dropped its recount suit in Pennsylvania and is losing votes in Wisconsin recount. Just a Stein scam to raise money!
Did China ask us if it was OK to devalue their currency (making it hard for our companies to compete), heavily tax our products going into..
their country (the U.S. doesn't tax them) or to build a massive military complex in the middle of the South China Sea? I don't think so!
I am thrilled to nominate Dr. as our next Secretary of the US Dept. of Housing and Urban Development: 
12/6- North Carolina- Iowa- Michigan 
Boeing is building a brand new 747 Air Force One for future presidents, but costs are out of control, more than $4 billion. Cancel order!
Join me tonight in Fayetteville, North Carolina at 7pm! Tickets: 
Masa (SoftBank) of Japan has agreed to invest $50 billion in the U.S. toward businesses and 50,000 new jobs....
Masa said he would never do this had we (Trump) not won the election!
Departing New York with General James 'Mad Dog' Mattis for tonight's rally in Fayetteville, North Carolina! See you soon!
A great night in Fayetteville, North Carolina. Thank you! #ICYMI watch here: 
I will be interviewed on the at 7:30. Enjoy!
We pause today to remember the 2,403 American heroes who selflessly gave their lives at Pearl Harbor 75 years ago...
Join me tomorrow in Des Moines, Iowa with Vice President-Elect - at 7:00pm! #MAGA 
Chuck Jones, who is President of United Steelworkers 1999, has done a terrible job representing workers. No wonder companies flee country!
If United Steelworkers 1999 was any good, they would have kept those jobs in Indiana. Spend more time working-less time talking. Reduce dues
Today we lost a great pioneer of air and space in John Glenn. He was a hero and inspired generations of future explorers. He will be missed.
On my way to Des Moines, Iowa- will see you soon with Join us! Tickets: #ThankYouTour2016
Join me tomorrow! #MAGA 10am- Baton Rouge, LA. Tickets: - Grand Rapids, MI. Tickets: 
THANK YOU IOWA!
Join me live in Louisiana! Tomorrow, we need you to go to the polls &amp; send John Kennedy to the U.S. Senate. 
Thank you Louisiana! Get out &amp; vote for John Kennedy tomorrow. Electing Kennedy will help enact our agenda on behalf of the people. 
Thank you Michigan. We are going to bring back your jobs &amp; together, we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Watch: 
I have NOTHING to do with The Apprentice except for fact that I conceived it with Mark B &amp; have a big stake in it. Will devote ZERO TIME!
As a show of support for our Armed Forces, I will be going to The Army-Navy Game today. Looking forward to it, should be fun!
Reports by that I will be working on The Apprentice during my Presidency, even part time, are ridiculous &amp; untrue - FAKE NEWS!
A very interesting read. Unfortunately, so much is true.
October 2015 - thanks Chris Wallace ! 
I will be interviewed today on Fox News Sunday with Chris Wallace at 10:00 (Eastern) Network. ENJOY!
Being at the Army - Navy Game was fantastic. There is nothing like the spirit in that stadium. A wonderful experience, and congrats to Army!
I spent Friday campaigning with John Kennedy, of the Great State of Louisiana, for the U.S. Senate. The election is over - JOHN WON!
Will be interviewed on at 10:00 P.M. Enjoy!
Just watched - So biased, inaccurate and bad, point after point. Just can't get much worse, although is right up there!
Can you imagine if the election results were the opposite and WE tried to play the Russia/CIA card. It would be called conspiracy theory!
The F-35 program and cost is out of control. Billions of dollars can and will be saved on military (and other) purchases after January 20th.
Tue: West Allis, WI. Thur: Hershey, PA. Fri: Orlando, FL. Sat: Mobile, AL. Tickets: 
The final Wisconsin vote is in and guess what - we just picked up an additional 131 votes. The Dems and Green Party can now rest. Scam!
I will be making my announcement on the next Secretary of State tomorrow morning.
Even though I am not mandated by law to do so, I will be leaving my busineses before January 20th so that I can focus full time on the......
Presidency. Two of my children, Don and Eric, plus executives, will manage them. No new deals will be done during my term(s) in office.
I will hold a press conference in the near future to discuss the business, Cabinet picks and all other topics of interest. Busy times!
I have chosen one of the truly great business leaders of the world, Rex Tillerson, Chairman and CEO of ExxonMobil, to be Secretary of State.
Wisconsin and Pennsylvania have just certified my wins in those states. I actually picked up additional votes!
The thing I like best about Rex Tillerson is that he has vast experience at dealing successfully with all types of foreign governments.
Join me this Saturday at Ladd-Peebles Stadium in Mobile, Alabama! Tickets: 
Thank you Wisconsin! My Administration will be focused on three very important words: jobs, jobs, jobs! Watch: 
and in my Trump Tower office yesterday- two great guys! 
Has anyone looked at the really poor numbers of Magazine. Way down, big trouble, dead! Graydon Carter, no talent, will be out!
The media tries so hard to make my move to the White House, as it pertains to my business, so complex - when actually it isn't!
If Russia, or some other entity, was hacking, why did the White House wait so long to act? Why did they only complain after Hillary lost?
Join me in Mobile, Alabama on Sat. at 3pm! Tickets: 
Thank you Pennsylvania! Together, we are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Watch here:
Are we talking about the same cyberattack where it was revealed that head of the DNC illegally gave Hillary the questions to the debate?
Tonight- Orlando, Florida Tickets: - Mobile, AlabamaTickets: 
Thank you Florida. My Administration will follow two simple rules: BUY AMERICAN and HIRE AMERICAN! #ICYMI- Watch: 
Last night in Orlando, Florida, was incredible - massive crowd - THANK YOU FLORIDA! Today at 3:00 P.M. I will be in Alabama for last rally!
China steals United States Navy research drone in international waters - rips it out of water and takes it to China in unprecedented act.
Thank you Alabama! From now on, its going to be #AmericaFirst. Our goal is to bring back that wonderful phrase: #MadeInTheUSA! 
We should tell China that we don't want the drone they stole back.- let them keep it!
If my many supporters acted and threatened people like those who lost the election are doing, they would be scorned &amp; called terrible names!
Today there were terror attacks in Turkey, Switzerland and Germany - and it is only getting worse. The civilized world must change thinking!
We did it! Thank you to all of my great supporters, we just officially won the election (despite all of the distorted and inaccurate media).
especially how to get people, even with an unlimited budget, out to vote in the vital swing states ( and more). They focused on wrong states
Yes, it is true - Carlos Slim, the great businessman from Mexico, called me about getting together for a meeting. We met, HE IS A GREAT GUY!
Campaigning to win the Electoral College is much more difficult &amp; sophisticated than the popular vote. Hillary focused on the wrong states!
I would have done even better in the election, if that is possible, if the winner was based on popular vote - but would campaign differently
I have not heard any of the pundits or commentators discussing the fact that I spent FAR LESS MONEY on the win than Hillary on the loss!
I met some really great Air Force GENERALS and Navy ADMIRALS today, talking about airplane capability and pricing. Very impressive people!
The resolution being considered at the United Nations Security Council regarding Israel should be vetoed....cont: 
The United States must greatly strengthen and expand its nuclear capability until such time as the world comes to its senses regarding nukes
Based on the tremendous cost and cost overruns of the Lockheed Martin F-35, I have asked Boeing to price-out a comparable F-18 Super Hornet!
My wonderful son, Eric, will no longer be allowed to raise money for children with cancer because of a possible conflict of interest with...
my presidency. Isn't this a ridiculous shame? He loves these kids, has raised millions of dollars for them, and now must stop. Wrong answer!
As to the U.N., things will be different after Jan. 20th.
slaughter you. This is a purely religious threat, which turned into reality. Such hatred! When will the U.S., and all countries, fight back?
The big loss yesterday for Israel in the United Nations will make it much harder to negotiate peace. Too bad, but we will get it done anyway!
Happy #Hanukkah 
#MerryChristmas 
Merry Christmas and a very, very, very, very Happy New Year to everyone!
President Obama said that he thinks he would have won against me. He should say that but I say NO WAY! - jobs leaving, ISIS, OCare, etc.
The United Nations has such great potential but right now it is just a club for people to get together, talk and have a good time. So sad!
The world was gloomy before I won - there was no hope. Now the market is up nearly 10% and Christmas spending is over a trillion dollars!
I gave millions of dollars to DJT Foundation, raised or recieved millions more, ALL of which is given to charity, and media won't report!
The DJT Foundation, unlike most foundations, never paid fees, rent, salaries or any expenses. 100% of money goes to wonderful charities!
President Obama campaigned hard (and personally) in the very important swing states, and lost. The voters wanted to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
The U.S. Consumer Confidence Index for December surged nearly four points to 113.7, THE HIGHEST LEVEL IN MORE THAN 15 YEARS! Thanks Donald!
Doing my best to disregard the many inflammatory President O statements and roadblocks. Shought it was going to be a smooth transition - NOT!
We cannot continue to let Israel be treated with such total disdain and disrespect. They used to have a great friend in the U.S., but.......
not anymore. The beginning of the end was the horrible Iran deal, and now this (U.N.)! Stay strong Israel, January 20th is fast approaching!
'Economists say Trump delivered hope' 
My Administration will follow two simple rules: 
Great move on delay (by V. Putin) - I always knew he was very smart!
Join, founded by Hall of Fame legend on 1/19/2017 in Washington, D.C. 
Russians are playing and for such fools - funny to watch, they don't have a clue! totally gets it!
Happy New Year to all, including to my many enemies and those who have fought me and lost so badly they just don't know what to do. Love!
Happy Birthday !
TO ALL AMERICANS-#HappyNewYear &amp; many blessings to you all! Looking forward to a wonderful &amp; prosperous 2017 as we work together to #MAGA 
Well, the New Year begins. We will, together, MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Chicago murder rate is record setting - 4,331 shooting victims with 762 murders in 2016. If Mayor can't do it he must ask for Federal help!
Various media outlets and pundits say that I thought I was going to lose the election. Wrong, it all came together in the last week and.....
I thought and felt I would win big, easily over the fabled 270 (306). When they cancelled fireworks, they knew, and so did I.
North Korea just stated that it is in the final stages of developing a nuclear weapon capable of reaching parts of the U.S. It won't happen!
China has been taking out massive amounts of money &amp; wealth from the U.S. in totally one-sided trade, but won't help with North Korea. Nice!
General Motors is sending Mexican made model of Chevy Cruze to U.S. car dealers-tax free across border. Make in U.S.A. or pay big border tax!
With all that Congress has to work on, do they really have to make the weakening of the Independent Ethics Watchdog, as unfair as it
........ may be, their number one act and priority. Focus on tax reform, healthcare and so many other things of far greater importance! #DTS
Instead of driving jobs and wealth away, AMERICA will become the world's great magnet for INNOVATION &amp; JOB CREATION.
There should be no further releases from Gitmo. These are extremely dangerous people and should not be allowed back onto the battlefield.
I will be having a general news conference on JANUARY ELEVENTH in N.Y.C. Thank you.
Thank you to Ford for scrapping a new plant in Mexico and creating 700 new jobs in the U.S. This is just the beginning - much more to follow
things they did and said (like giving the questions to the debate to H). A total double standard! Media, as usual, gave them a pass.
Republicans must be careful in that the Dems own the failed ObamaCare disaster, with its poor coverage and massive premium increases......
like the 116% hike in Arizona. Also, deductibles are so high that it is practically useless. Don't let the Schumer clowns out of this web...
massive increases of ObamaCare will take place this year and Dems are to blame for the mess. It will fall of its own weight - be careful!
The Democrats, lead by head clown Chuck Schumer, know how bad ObamaCare is and what a mess they are in. Instead of working to fix it, they..
... time for Republicans &amp; Democrats to get together and come up with a healthcare plan that really works - much less expensive &amp; FAR BETTER!
The dishonest media likes saying that I am in Agreement with Julian Assange - wrong. I simply state what he states, it is for the people....
Toyota Motor said will build a new plant in Baja, Mexico, to build Corolla cars for U.S. NO WAY! Build plant in U.S. or pay big border tax.
The Democratic National Committee would not allow the FBI to study or see its computer info after it was supposedly hacked by Russia......
So how and why are they so sure about hacking if they never even requested an examination of the computer servers? What is going on?
The dishonest media does not report that any money spent on building the Great Wall (for sake of speed), will be paid back by Mexico later!
Hillary and the Dems were never going to beat the PASSION of my voters. They saw what was happening in the last two weeks before the......
and knew they were in big trouble - which is why they cancelled their big fireworks at the last minute. THEY SAW A MOVEMENT LIKE NEVER BEFORE
Hopefully, all supporters, and those who want to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN, will go to D.C. on January 20th. It will be a GREAT SHOW!
being a movie star-and that was season 1 compared to season 14. Now compare him to my season 1. But who cares, he supported Kasich &amp; Hillary
Anna Wintour came to my office at Trump Tower to ask me to meet with the editors of Conde Nast &amp; Steven Newhouse, a friend. Will go this AM.
I am asking the chairs of the House and Senate committees to investigate top secret intelligence shared with NBC prior to me seeing it.
Monitoring the terrible situation in Florida. Just spoke to Governor Scott. Thoughts and prayers for all. Stay safe!
Happy Birthday !
Gross negligence by the Democratic National Committee allowed hacking to take place. The Republican National Committee had strong defense!
Intelligence stated very strongly there was absolutely no evidence that hacking affected the election results. Voting machines not touched!
Only reason the hacking of the poorly defended DNC is discussed is that the loss by the Dems was so big that they are totally embarrassed!
have enough problems around the world without yet another one. When I am President, Russia will respect us far more than they do now and....
both countries will, perhaps, work together to solve some of the many great and pressing problems and issues of the WORLD!
Congratulation to Jane Timken on her major upset victory in becoming the Ohio Republican Party Chair. Jane is a loyal Trump supporter &amp; star
I look very much forward to meeting Prime Minister Theresa May in Washington in the Spring. Britain, a longtime U.S. ally, is very special!
Kellyanne Conway went to this morning for an interview with Dishonest media cut out 9 of her 10 minutes. Terrible!
Before I, or anyone, saw the classified and/or highly confidential hacking intelligence report, it was leaked out to So serious!
Dishonest media says Mexico won't be paying for the wall if they pay a little later so the wall can be built more quickly. Media is fake!
Rupert Murdoch is a great guy who likes me much better as a very successful candidate than he ever did as a very successful developer!
Meryl Streep, one of the most over-rated actresses in Hollywood, doesn't know me but attacked last night at the Golden Globes. She is a.....
It's finally happening - Fiat Chrysler just announced plans to invest $1BILLION in Michigan and Ohio plants, adding 2000 jobs. This after...
Ford said last week that it will expand in Michigan and U.S. instead of building a BILLION dollar plant in Mexico. Thank you Ford &amp; Fiat C!
An old picture with Nancy and Ronald Reagan. 
Thank you to all of the men and women who protect &amp; serve our communities 24/7/365! #LawEnforcementAppreciationDay 
'U.S. Small-Business Optimism Index Surges by Most Since 1980'
'Small business optimism soars after Trump election' 
'Trump Helps Lift Small Business Confidence to 12-Yr. High' 
FAKE NEWS - A TOTAL POLITICAL WITCH HUNT!
'BuzzFeed Runs Unverifiable Trump-Russia Claims' #FakeNews 
Russia has never tried to use leverage over me. I HAVE NOTHING TO DO WITH RUSSIA - NO DEALS, NO LOANS, NO NOTHING!
We had a great News Conference at Trump Tower today. A couple of FAKE NEWS organizations were there but the people truly get what's going on
James Clapper called me yesterday to denounce the false and fictitious report that was illegally circulated. Made up, phony facts. Too bad!
Thank you to Linda Bean of L.L.Bean for your great support and courage. People will support you even more now. Buy L.L.Bean. 
is in a total meltdown with their FAKE NEWS because their ratings are tanking since election and their credibility will soon be gone!
Congrats to the Senate for taking the first step to #RepealObamacare- now it's onto the House!
All of my Cabinet nominee are looking good and doing a great job. I want them to be themselves and express their own thoughts, not mine!
It now turns out that the phony allegations against me were put together by my political opponents and a failed spy afraid of being sued....
Totally made up facts by sleazebag political operatives, both Democrats and Republicans - FAKE NEWS! Russia says nothing exists. Probably...
What are Hillary Clinton's people complaining about with respect to the F.B.I. Based on the information they had she should never.....
have been allowed to run - guilty as hell. They were VERY nice to her. She lost because she campaigned in the wrong states - no enthusiasm!
A beautiful funeral today for a real NYC hero, Detective Steven McDonald. Our law enforcement community has my complete and total support.
Congressman John Lewis should spend more time on fixing and helping his district, which is in horrible shape and falling apart (not to......
mention crime infested) rather than falsely complaining about the election results. All talk, talk, talk - no action or results. Sad!
Congressman John Lewis should finally focus on the burning and crime infested inner-cities of the U.S. I can use all the help I can get!
Inauguration Day is turning out to be even bigger than expected. January 20th, Washington D.C. Have fun!
The Democrats are most angry that so many Obama Democrats voted for me. With all of the jobs I am bringing back to our Nation, that number..
will only get higher. Car companies and others, if they want to do business in our country, have to start making things here again. WIN!
For many years our country has been divided, angry and untrusting. Many say it will never change, the hatred is too deep. IT WILL CHANGE!!!!
is bad but Saturday Night Live is the worst of NBC. Not funny, cast is terrible, always a complete hit job. Really bad television!
much worse - just look at Syria (red line), Crimea, Ukraine and the build-up of Russian nukes. Not good! Was this the leaker of Fake News?
Celebrate Martin Luther King Day and all of the many wonderful things that he stood for. Honor him for being the great man that he was!
At 9:00 P.M., of all places, is doing a Special Report on my daughter, Ivanka. Considering it is CNN, can't imagine it will be great!
People are pouring into Washington in record numbers. Bikers for Trump are on their way. It will be a great Thursday, Friday and Saturday!
The same people who did the phony election polls, and were so wrong, are now doing approval rating polls. They are rigged just like before.
With all of the jobs I am bringing back into the U.S. (even before taking office), with all of the new auto plants coming back into our.....
Thank you to General Motors and Walmart for starting the big jobs push back into the U.S.!
Will be interviewed by on - Enjoy!
Totally biased went out of its way to say that the big announcement from Ford, G.M., Lockheed &amp; others that jobs are coming back...
to the U.S., but had nothing to do with TRUMP, is more FAKE NEWS. Ask top CEO's of those companies for real facts. Came back because of me!
No wonder the Today Show on biased is doing so badly compared to its glorious past. Little credibility!
was great last night in D.C. playing for 147 Diplomats and Ambassadors from countries around the world. Thanks Alabama!
Writing my inaugural address at the Winter White House, Mar-a-Lago, three weeks ago. Looking forward to Friday. #Inauguration 
Looking forward to a speedy recovery for George and Barbara Bush, both hospitalized. Thank you for your wonderful letter!
Great seeing and Kimberly at this evenings VP dinner! #GodBlessTheUSA 
Thank you to our amazing Wounded Warriors for their service. It was an honor to be with them tonight in D.C. #Heroes 
Getting ready to leave for Washington, D.C. The journey begins and I will be working and fighting very hard to make it a great journey for..
the American people. I have no doubt that we will, together, MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
On my way! #Inauguration2017 
Great Concert at 4:00 P.M. today at Lincoln Memorial. Enjoy!
Join me at 4pm over at the Lincoln Memorial with my family! #Inauguration2017 
Thank you for joining us at the Lincoln Memorial tonight- a very special evening! Together, we are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
Thank you for a wonderful evening in Washington, D.C. #Inauguration 
It all begins today! I will see you at 11:00 A.M. for the swearing-in. THE MOVEMENT CONTINUES - THE WORK BEGINS!
Today we are not merely transferring power from one Administration to another, or from one party to another - but we are transferring...
power from Washington, D.C. and giving it back to you, the American People. #InaugurationDay
What truly matters is not which party controls our government, but whether our government is controlled by the people.
January 20th 2017, will be remembered as the day the people became the rulers of this nation again.
The forgotten men and women of our country will be forgotten no longer. From this moment on, its going to be #AmericaFirst
We will bring back our jobs. We will bring back our borders. We will bring back our wealth - and we will bring back our dreams!
We will follow two simple rules: BUY AMERICAN &amp; HIRE AMERICAN! #InaugurationDay #MAGA
It is time to remember that...
So to all Americans, in every city near and far, small and large, from mountain to mountain...
TO ALL AMERICANS
THANK YOU for another wonderful evening in Washington, D.C. TOGETHER, we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN 
A fantastic day and evening in Washington D.C. Thank you to and so many other news outlets for the GREAT reviews of the speech!
Had a great meeting at CIA Headquarters yesterday, packed house, paid great respect to Wall, long standing ovations, amazing people. WIN!
Watched protests yesterday but was under the impression that we just had an election! Why didn't these people vote? Celebs hurt cause badly.
Wow, television ratings just out: 31 million people watched the Inauguration, 11 million more than the very good ratings from 4 years ago!
Peaceful protests are a hallmark of our democracy. Even if I don't always agree, I recognize the rights of people to express their views.
Busy week planned with a heavy focus on jobs and national security. Top executives coming in at 9:00 A.M. to talk manufacturing in America.
Will be meeting at 9:00 with top automobile executives concerning jobs in America. I want new plants to be built here for cars sold here!
A photo delivered yesterday that will be displayed in the upper/lower press hall. Thank you Abbas! 
Great meeting with automobile industry leaders at the this morning. Together, we will #MAGA! 
Signing orders to move forward with the construction of the Keystone XL and Dakota Access pipelines in the Oval Office. 
Great meeting with Ford CEO Mark Fields and General Motors CEO Mary Barra at the today. 
Congratulations to for being number one in inauguration ratings. They were many times higher than FAKE NEWS - public is smart!
Big day planned on NATIONAL SECURITY tomorrow. Among many other things, we will build the wall!
I will be asking for a major investigation into VOTER FRAUD, including those registered to vote in two states, those who are illegal and....
even, those registered to vote who are dead (and many for a long time). Depending on results, we will strengthen up voting procedures!
I will be making my Supreme Court pick on Thursday of next week. Thank you!
I will be interviewed by tonight at 10 o'clock on Will be my first interview from the White House. Enjoy! 
Beginning today, the United States of America gets back control of its borders. Full speech from today : 
As your President, I have no higher duty than to protect the lives of the American people. 
Interview with David Muir of News in 10 minutes. Enjoy!
Ungrateful TRAITOR Chelsea Manning, who should never have been released from prison, is now calling President Obama a weak leader. Terrible!
The U.S. has a 60 billion dollar trade deficit with Mexico. It has been a one-sided deal from the beginning of NAFTA with massive numbers...
of jobs and companies lost. If Mexico is unwilling to pay for the badly needed wall, then it would be better to cancel the upcoming meeting.
Spoke at the Congressional Retreat in Philadelphia, PA. this afternoon w/,, Thank you for your support! 
Will be interviewed by on at 10:00pm tonight. Enjoy!
Miami-Dade Mayor drops sanctuary policy. Right decision. Strong! 
Look forward to seeing final results of VoteStand. Gregg Phillips and crew say at least 3,000,000 votes were illegal. We must do better!
Mexico has taken advantage of the U.S. for long enough. Massive trade deficits &amp; little help on the very weak border must change, NOW!
The #MarchForLife is so important. To all of you marching --- you have my full support!
Mike Pence will be speaking at today's #MarchForLife -- You have our full support! 
Statement on International Holocaust Remembrance Day: 
Congratulations Secretary Mattis! 
I promise that our administration will ALWAYS have your back. We will ALWAYS be with you! 
The failing has been wrong about me from the very beginning. Said I would lose the primaries, then the general election. FAKE NEWS!
Thr coverage about me in the and the gas been so false and angry that the times actually apologized to its.....
...dwindling subscribers and readers.They got me wrong right from the beginning and still have not changed course, and never will. DISHONEST
Today, we remember the crew of the Space Shuttle Challenger, 31 years later. #NeverForget 
Somebody with aptitude and conviction should buy the FAKE NEWS and failing and either run it correctly or let it fold with dignity!
Our country needs strong borders and extreme vetting, NOW. Look what is happening all over Europe and, indeed, the world - a horrible mess!
Christians in the Middle-East have been executed in large numbers. We cannot allow this horror to continue!
The joint statement of former presidential candidates John McCain &amp; Lindsey Graham is wrong - they are sadly weak on immigration. The two...
...Senators should focus their energies on ISIS, illegal immigration and border security instead of always looking to start World War III.
Statement Regarding Recent Executive Order Concerning Extreme Vetting: 
I will be interviewed by on tonight at 11pm. Enjoy!
Only 109 people out of 325,000 were detained and held for questioning. Big problems at airports were caused by Delta computer outage,.....
protesters and the tears of Senator Schumer. Secretary Kelly said that all is going well with very few problems. MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN!
There is nothing nice about searching for terrorists before they can enter our country. This was a big part of my campaign. Study the world!
I have made my decision on who I will nominate for The United States Supreme Court. It will be announced live on Tuesday at 8:00 P.M. (W.H.)
Where was all the outrage from Democrats and the opposition party (the media) when our jobs were fleeing our country?
The American dream is back. Were going to create an environment for small business like we havent had in many, many decades! 
The Democrats are delaying my cabinet picks for purely political reasons. They have nothing going but to obstruct. Now have an Obama A.G.
Nancy Pelosi and Fake Tears Chuck Schumer held a rally at the steps of The Supreme Court and mic did not work (a mess)-just like Dem party!
When will the Democrats give us our Attorney General and rest of Cabinet! They should be ashamed of themselves! No wonder D.C. doesn't work!
Getting ready to deliver a VERY IMPORTANT DECISION! 8:00 P.M.
Join me live from the 
Hope you like my nomination of Judge Neil Gorsuch for the United States Supreme Court. He is a good and brilliant man, respected by all.
Everybody is arguing whether or not it is a BAN. Call it what you want, it is about keeping bad people (with bad intentions) out of country!
Iran is rapidly taking over more and more of Iraq even after the U.S. has squandered three trillion dollars there. Obvious long ago!
Do you believe it? The Obama Administration agreed to take thousands of illegal immigrants from Australia. Why? I will study this dumb deal!
If U.C. Berkeley does not allow free speech and practices violence on innocent people with a different point of view - NO FEDERAL FUNDS?
Congratulations to Rex Tillerson on being sworn in as our new Secretary of State. He will be a star!
Attending Chief Ryan Owens' Dignified Transfer yesterday with my daughter Ivanka was my great honor. To a great and brave man - thank you!
Iran has been formally PUT ON NOTICE for firing a ballistic missile.Should have been thankful for the terrible deal the U.S. made with them!
Iran was on its last legs and ready to collapse until the U.S. came along and gave it a life-line in the form of the Iran Deal: $150 billion
Thank you, ! We would love to have you! 
Yes, Arnold Schwarzenegger did a really bad job as Governor of California and even worse on the Apprentice...but at least he tried hard!
Thank you to Prime Minister of Australia for telling the truth about our very civil conversation that FAKE NEWS media lied about. Very nice!
Meeting with biggest business leaders this morning. Good jobs are coming back to U.S., health care and tax bills are being crafted NOW!
Professional anarchists, thugs and paid protesters are proving the point of the millions of people who voted to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
A new radical Islamic terrorist has just attacked in Louvre Museum in Paris. Tourists were locked down. France on edge again. GET SMART U.S.
Countries charge U.S. companies taxes or tariffs while the U.S. charges them nothing or little.We should charge them SAME as they charge us!
When a country is no longer able to say who can, and who cannot, come in &amp; out, especially for reasons of safety &amp;.security - big trouble!
Interesting that certain Middle-Eastern countries agree with the ban. They know if certain people are allowed in it's death &amp; destruction!
The opinion of this so-called judge, which essentially takes law-enforcement away from our country, is ridiculous and will be overturned!
After being forced to apologize for its bad and inaccurate coverage of me after winning the election, the FAKE NEWS is still lost!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
What is our country coming to when a judge can halt a Homeland Security travel ban and anyone, even with bad intentions, can come into U.S.?
Because the ban was lifted by a judge, many very bad and dangerous people may be pouring into our country. A terrible decision
Why aren't the lawyers looking at and using the Federal Court decision in Boston, which is at conflict with ridiculous lift ban decision?
Interview with on Fox Network - 4:00 P.M. (prior to Super Bowl). Enjoy!
The judge opens up our country to potential terrorists and others that do not have our best interests at heart. Bad people are very happy!
Just cannot believe a judge would put our country in such peril. If something happens blame him and court system. People pouring in. Bad!
I have instructed Homeland Security to check people coming into our country VERY CAREFULLY. The courts are making the job very difficult!
Enjoy the #SuperBowl and then we continue: MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
What an amazing comeback and win by the Patriots. Tom Brady, Bob Kraft and Coach B are total winners. Wow!
Any negative polls are fake news, just like the CNN, ABC, NBC polls in the election. Sorry, people want border security and extreme vetting.
I call my own shots, largely based on an accumulation of data, and everyone knows it. Some FAKE NEWS media, in order to marginalize, lies!
The failing writes total fiction concerning me. They have gotten it wrong for two years, and now are making up stories &amp; sources!
An extended interview from the Super Bowl with airs tonight at 8:00 P.M. Enjoy! 
The failing was forced to apologize to its subscribers for the poor reporting it did on my election win. Now they are worse!
The threat from radical Islamic terrorism is very real, just look at what is happening in Europe and the Middle-East. Courts must act fast!
I don't know Putin, have no deals in Russia, and the haters are going crazy - yet Obama can make a deal with Iran, #1 in terror, no problem!
An honor having the National Sheriffs' Assoc. join me at the Incredible men &amp; women who protect &amp; serve 24/7/365. THANK YOU!! 
It is a disgrace that my full Cabinet is still not in place, the longest such delay in the history of our country. Obstruction by Democrats!
If the U.S. does not win this case as it so obviously should, we can never have the security and safety to which we are entitled. Politics!
I will be speaking at 9:00 A.M. today to Police Chiefs and Sheriffs and will be discussing the horrible, dangerous and wrong decision.......
Thank you to our great Police Chiefs &amp; Sheriffs for your leadership &amp; service. You have a true friend in the We support you! 
My daughter Ivanka has been treated so unfairly by She is a great person -- always pushing me to do the right thing! Terrible!
'16 Fake News Stories Reporters Have Run Since Trump Won' 
Big increase in traffic into our country from certain areas, while our people are far more vulnerable, as we wait for what should be EASY D!
Thank you Brian Krzanich, CEO of A great investment ($7 BILLION) in American INNOVATION and JOBS! #AmericaFirst 
'Immigration Ban Is One Of Trump's Most Popular Orders So Far' 
'Majority in Leading EU Nations Support Trump-Style Travel Ban' Poll of more than 10,000 people in 10 countries...
'Trump administration seen as more truthful than news media'
Congratulations to our new Attorney General, ! 
Sen.Richard Blumenthal, who never fought in Vietnam when he said for years he had (major lie),now misrepresents what Judge Gorsuch told him?
Sen. McCain should not be talking about the success or failure of a mission to the media. Only emboldens the enemy! He's been losing so....
...long he doesn't know how to win anymore, just look at the mess our country is in - bogged down in conflict all over the place. Our hero..
Join us live in the Oval Office for the swearing in of our new Attorney General, ! LIVE: 
SEE YOU IN COURT, THE SECURITY OF OUR NATION IS AT STAKE!
Heading to Joint Base Andrews on #MarineOne with Prime Minister Shinz earlier today. 
I am reading that the great border WALL will cost more than the government originally thought, but I have not gotten involved in the.....
...design or negotiations yet. When I do, just like with the F-35 FighterJet or the Air Force One Program, price will come WAY DOWN!
Melania and I are hosting Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe and Mrs. Abe at Mar-a-Lago in Palm Beach, Fla. They are a wonderful couple!
Having a great time hosting Prime Minister Shinzo Abe in the United States! 
I am so proud of my daughter Ivanka. To be abused and treated so badly by the media, and to still hold her head so high, is truly wonderful!
Played golf today with Prime Minister Abe of Japan and, Ernie Els, and had a great time. Japan is very well represented!
A working dinner tonight with Prime Minister Abe of Japan, and his representatives, at the Winter White House (Mar-a-Lago). Very good talks!
#ICYMI: Joint Statement with Prime Minister Shinzo Abe on North Korea. 
The crackdown on illegal criminals is merely the keeping of my campaign promise. Gang members, drug dealers &amp; others are being removed!
72% of refugees admitted into U.S. (2/3 -2/11) during COURT BREAKDOWN are from 7 countries: SYRIA, IRAQ, SOMALIA, IRAN, SUDAN, LIBYA &amp; YEMEN
While on FAKE NEWS, Bernie Sanders was cut off for using the term fake news to describe the network. They said technical difficulties!
After two days of very productive talks, Prime Minister Abe is heading back to Japan. L
I know Mark Cuban well. He backed me big-time but I wasn't interested in taking all of his calls.He's not smart enough to run for president!
Congratulations Stephen Miller- on representing me this morning on the various Sunday morning shows. Great job!
Just leaving Florida. Big crowds of enthusiastic supporters lining the road that the FAKE NEWS media refuses to mention. Very dishonest!
Today I will meet with Canadian PM Trudeau and a group of leading business women to discuss women in the workforce. 
Welcome to the Prime Minister ! 
Wonderful meeting with Canadian PM and a group of leading CEO's &amp; business women from Canadaand the United States 
Congratulations Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin! #ICYMI- watch here: 
Congratulations to our new #VASecretary Dr. David Shulkin. Time to take care of Veterans who have fought to protect our country! 
The real story here is why are there so many illegal leaks coming out of Washington? Will these leaks be happening as I deal on N.Korea etc?
Great parent-teacher listening session this morning with Pence &amp; Secretary Watch: 
'Remarks by President Trump at Signing of H.J. Resolution 41' 
Obamacare continues to fail. Humana to pull out in 2018. Will repeal, replace &amp; save healthcare for ALL Americans. 
The fake news media is going crazy with their conspiracy theories and blind hatred. &amp; are unwatchable. is great!
This Russian connection non-sense is merely an attempt to cover-up the many mistakes made in Hillary Clinton's losing campaign.
Information is being illegally given to the failing &amp; by the intelligence community (NSA and FBI?).Just like Russia
Crimea was TAKEN by Russia during the Obama Administration. Was Obama too soft on Russia?
Great listening session with CEO's of the Retail Industry Leaders Association this morning! 
Welcome to the United States, Benjamin &amp; Sara! #ICYMIJoint Press Conference: 
Join me in Florida this Saturday at 5pm for a rally at the Orlando-Melbourne International Airport! Tickets: 
Aetna CEO: Obamacare in 'Death Spiral' #RepealAndReplace 
Venezuela should allow Leopoldo Lopez, a political prisoner &amp; husband of (just met w/ ) out of prison immediately. 
Stock market hits new high with longest winning streak in decades. Great level of confidence and optimism - even before tax plan rollout!
Leaking, and even illegal classified leaking, has been a big problem in Washington for years. Failing (and others) must apologize!
The spotlight has finally been put on the low-life leakers! They will be caught!
The Democrats had to come up with a story as to why they lost the election, and so badly (306), so they made up a story - RUSSIA. Fake news!
'Trump signs bill undoing Obama coal mining rule' 
Despite the long delays by the Democrats in finally approving Dr. Tom Price, the repeal and replacement of ObamaCare is moving fast!
Going to Charleston, South Carolina, in order to spend time with Boeing and talk jobs! Look forward to it.
Thank you for all of the nice statements on the Press Conference yesterday. Rush Limbaugh said one of greatest ever. Fake media not happy!
General Keith Kellogg, who I have known for a long time, is very much in play for NSA - as are three others.
Join me at 11:00am:Watch here: 
The FAKE NEWS media (failing,,,, ) is not my enemy, it is the enemy of the American People!
Looking forward to the Florida rally tomorrow. Big crowd expected!
Don't believe the main stream (fake news) media.The White House is running VERY WELL. I inherited a MESS and am in the process of fixing it.
Will be having many meetings this weekend at The Southern White House. Big 5:00 P.M. speech in Melbourne, Florida. A lot to talk about!
My statement as to what's happening in Sweden was in reference to a story that was broadcast on concerning immigrants &amp; Sweden.
Give the public a break - The FAKE NEWS media is trying to say that large scale immigration in Sweden is working out just beautifully. NOT!
HAPPY PRESIDENTS DAY - MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Just named General H.R. McMaster National Security Advisor.
Congratulations to our new National Security Advisor, General H.R. McMaster. Video: 
'Americans overwhelmingly oppose sanctuary cities' 
The so-called angry crowds in home districts of some Republicans are actually, in numerous cases, planned out by liberal activists. Sad!
One thing I will say about Rep. Keith Ellison, in his fight to lead the DNC, is that he was the one who predicted early that I would win!
Very much enjoyed my tour of the Smithsonian's National Museum of African American History and Culture...A great job done by amazing people!
'S&amp;P 500 Edges Higher After Trump Renews Jobs Pledge' 
Seven people shot and killed yesterday in Chicago. What is going on there - totally out of control. Chicago needs help!
Big interview tonight by Henry Kravis at The Business Council of Washington. Looking forward to it!
find the leakers within the FBI itself. Classified information is being given to media that could have a devastating effect on U.S. FIND NOW
Going to CPAC!
Trump vows to fight 'epidemic' of human trafficking 
FAKE NEWS media knowingly doesn't tell the truth. A great danger to our country. The failing has become a joke. Likewise Sad!
Maybe the millions of people who voted to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN should have their own rally. It would be the biggest of them all!
The media has not reported that the National Debt in my first month went down by $12 billion vs a $200 billion increase in Obama first mo.
Great optimism for future of U.S. business, AND JOBS, with the DOW having an 11th straight record close. Big tax &amp; regulation cuts coming!
Weekly Address from : 
I will not be attending the White House Correspondents' Association Dinner this year. Please wish everyone well and have a great evening!
Congratulations to Thomas Perez, who has just been named Chairman of the DNC. I could not be happier for him, or for the Republican Party!
For first time the failing will take an ad (a bad one) to help save its failing reputation. Try reporting accurately &amp; fairly!
Russia talk is FAKE NEWS put out by the Dems, and played up by the media, in order to mask the big election defeat and the illegal leaks!
Big dinner with Governors tonight at White House. Much to be discussed, including healthcare.
Great meeting with CEOs of leading U.S. health insurance companies who provide great healthcare to the American people. 
GOP now viewed more favorably than Dems, in Trump era (per NBC/WSJ poll) :
I will be interviewed on at 6:00 A.M. Enjoy!
Join me live at 9:00 P.M. #JointAddress 
#JointSession #MAGA
THANK YOU!
Since November 8th, Election Day, the Stock Market has posted $3.2 trillion in GAINS and consumer confidence is at a 15 year high. Jobs!
Jeff Sessions is an honest man. He did not say anything wrong. He could have stated his response more accurately, but it was clearly not....
...intentional. This whole narrative is a way of saving face for Democrats losing an election that everyone thought they were supposed.....
...to win. The Democrats are overplaying their hand. They lost the election, and now they have lost their grip on reality. The real story...
Nick Adams new book, Green Card Warrior, is a must read. The merit-based system is the way to go. Canada, Australia! 
It is so pathetic that the Dems have still not approved my full Cabinet.
Weekly AddressJoin me here: 
We should start an immediate investigation into and his ties to Russia and Putin. A total hypocrite! 
We must fix our education system for our kids to Make America Great Again. Wonderful day at Saint Andrew in Orlando. 
I hereby demand a second investigation, after Schumer, of Pelosi for her close ties to Russia, and lying about it. 
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
The first meeting Jeff Sessions had with the Russian Amb was set up by the Obama Administration under education program for 100 Ambs......
Just out: The same Russian Ambassador that met Jeff Sessions visited the Obama White House 22 times, and 4 times last year alone.
I'd bet a good lawyer could make a great case out of the fact that President Obama was tapping my phones in October, just prior to Election!
How low has President Obama gone to tapp my phones during the very sacred election process. This is Nixon/Watergate. Bad (or sick) guy!
Arnold Schwarzenegger isn't voluntarily leaving the Apprentice, he was fired by his bad (pathetic) ratings, not by me. Sad end to great show
Is it true the DNC would not allow the FBI access to check server or other equipment after learning it was hacked? Can that be possible?
Thank you for the great rallies all across the country. Tremendous support. Make America Great Again!
'President Trump Congratulates Exxon Mobil for Job-Creating Investment Program'
45,000 construction &amp; manufacturing jobs in the U.S. Gulf Coast region. $20 billion investment. We are already winning again, America!
There is an incredible spirit of optimism sweeping the country right nowwe're bringing back the JOBS! 
Buy American &amp; hire American are the principles at the core of my agenda, which is: JOBS, JOBS, JOBS! Thank you 
Thank you to for your $20 billion investment that is creating more than 45,000 manufacturing &amp; construction jobs in the USA!
122 vicious prisoners, released by the Obama Administration from Gitmo, have returned to the battlefield. Just another terrible decision!
Our wonderful new Healthcare Bill is now out for review and negotiation. ObamaCare is a complete and total disaster - is imploding fast!
Don't worry, getting rid of state lines, which will promote competition, will be in phase 2 &amp; 3 of healthcare rollout. 
I am working on a new system where there will be competition in the Drug Industry. Pricing for the American people will come way down!
Don't let the FAKE NEWS tell you that there is big infighting in the Trump Admin. We are getting along great, and getting major things done!
I feel sure that my friend will come along with the new and great health care program because he knows Obamacare is a disaster!
I have tremendous respect for women and the many roles they serve that are vital to the fabric of our society and our economy.
On International Women's Day, join me in honoring the critical role of women here in America &amp; around the world.
LinkedIn Workforce Report: January and February were the strongest consecutive months for hiring since August and September 2015
Met with today at the Great discussion!
Great news. We are only just beginning. Together, we are going to #MAGA! 
Despite what you hear in the press, healthcare is coming along great. We are talking to many groups and it will end in a beautiful picture!
'U.S. Consumer Comfort Just Reached Its Highest Level in a Decade'  
Honored to meet this years delegates w/ Pence in the East Room of the Congratulations! 
Weekly Address - 11:00 A.M. at the ! #MAGA 
We are making great progress with healthcare. ObamaCare is imploding and will only get worse. Republicans coming together to get job done!
It is amazing how rude much of the media is to my very hard working representatives. Be nice, you will do much better!
ObamaCare is imploding. It is a disaster and 2017 will be the worst year yet, by far! Republicans will come together and save the day.
Healthcare listening session w/ &amp; Watch: #ReadTheBill: #RepealAndReplace 
Proud to welcome our great Cabinet this afternoon for our first meeting. Unfortunately 4 seats were empty because Senate Dems are delaying! 
Meeting w/ Washington, D.C. and Metro GM Paul Wiedefeld about incoming winter storm preparations here in D.C. Everyone be safe! 
JOBS, JOBS, JOBS! 
Great optimism in America - and the results will be even better! 
Can you imagine what the outcry would be if, failing career and all, had aimed and fired the gun at President Obama? Jail time!
Will be going to Detroit, Michigan (love), today for a big meeting on bringing back car production to State &amp; U.S. Already happening!
Looking forward to a big rally in Nashville, Tennessee, tonight. Big crowd of great people expected. Will be fun!
CEO's most optimistic since 2009. It will only get better as we continue to slash unnecessary regulations and when we begin our big tax cut!
I will be interviewed by tonight at 9:00 P.M. on Enjoy!
Thank you Andrew Jackson! #POTUS7 #USA 
In Nashville, Tennessee! Lets MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
Thank you Nashville, Tennessee! 
A budget that puts #AmericaFirst must make safety its no. 1 prioritywithout safety there can be no prosperity: 
An honor to welcome the Taoiseach of Ireland, to the today with Pence.  
Great progress on healthcare. Improvements being made - Republicans coming together!
My representatives had a great meeting w/ the Hispanic Chamber of Commerce at the WH today. Look forward to tremendous growth &amp; future mtgs!
Happy L Fheile Phadraig to all of my great Irish friends!
Great meeting with the Committee this morning at the ! 
Despite what you have heard from the FAKE NEWS, I had a GREAT meeting with German Chancellor Angela Merkel. Nevertheless, Germany owes.....
...vast sums of money to NATO &amp; the United States must be paid more for the powerful, and very expensive, defense it provides to Germany!
#ICYMI: Weekly Address  
James Clapper and others stated that there is no evidence Potus colluded with Russia. This story is FAKE NEWS and everyone knows it!
The Democrats made up and pushed the Russian story as an excuse for running a terrible campaign. Big advantage in Electoral College &amp; lost!
The real story that Congress, the FBI and all others should be looking into is the leaking of Classified information. Must find leaker now!
Just heard Fake News CNN is doing polls again despite the fact that their election polls were a WAY OFF disaster. Much higher ratings at Fox
What about all of the contact with the Clinton campaign and the Russians? Also, is it true that the DNC would not let the FBI in to look?
Congratulations Eric &amp; Lara. Very proud and happy for the two of you! 
Thank you Louisville, Kentucky- on my way! #MAGA 
Thank you Louisville, Kentucky. Together, we will MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN! 
Joined the Conference this morning at the U.S. Capitol. #PassTheBill #MAGA 
Honored to sign S.442 today. With this legislation, we support scientists, engineers, and astronauts in their pursuit of discovery! 
Today on #NationalAgDay, we honor our great American farmers &amp; ranchers. Their hard work &amp; dedication are ingrained in our nation's fabric. 
Big day for healthcare. Working hard!
Spoke to U.K. Prime Minister Theresa May today to offer condolences on the terrorist attack in London. She is strong and doing very well.
Just watched the totally biased and fake news reports of the so-called Russia story on NBC and ABC. Such dishonesty!
A great American, Kurt Cochran, was killed in the London terror attack. My prayers and condolences are with his family and friends.
We are taking action to #RepealANDReplace #Obamacare! Contact your Rep &amp; tell them you support #AHCA. #PassTheBill 
It was an honor to welcome so many truckers and trucking industry leaders to the today! 
After seven horrible years of ObamaCare (skyrocketing premiums &amp; deductibles, bad healthcare), this is finally your chance for a great plan!
The irony is that the Freedom Caucus, which is very pro-life and against Planned Parenthood, allows P.P. to continue if they stop this plan!
Today, I was pleased to announce the official approval of the presidential permit for the #KeystonePipeline. A great day for American jobs! 
Today, I was thrilled to announce a commitment of $25 BILLION &amp; 20K AMERICAN JOBS over the next 4 years. THANK YOU Charter Communications! 
Happy #MedalOfHonorDay to our heroes!  
ObamaCare will explode and we will all get together and piece together a great healthcare plan for THE PEOPLE. Do not worry!
Watch on tonight at 9:00 P.M.
Thanks you for all of the Trump Rallies today. Amazing support. We will all MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Democrats are smiling in D.C. that the Freedom Caucus, with the help of Club For Growth and Heritage, have saved Planned Parenthood &amp; Ocare!
General Kelly is doing a great job at the border. Numbers are way down. Many are not even trying to come in anymore.
Why isn't the House Intelligence Committee looking into the Bill &amp; Hillary deal that allowed big Uranium to go to Russia, Russian speech....
The Republican House Freedom Caucus was able to snatch defeat from the jaws of victory. After so many bad years they were ready for a win!
The Democrats will make a deal with me on healthcare as soon as ObamaCare folds - not long. Do not worry, we are in very good shape!
Big announcement by Ford today. Major investment to be made in three Michigan plants. Car companies coming back to U.S. JOBS! JOBS! JOBS!
Watch now on Podesta and Russia!
The failing would do much better if they were honest! 
It was an honor to welcome to the today with Pence &amp; Attorney General Sessions. THANK YOU for all you do 24/7/365! 
A NEW ERA IN AMERICAN ENERGY! #MadeInTheUSAWatch here: 
Why doesn't Fake News talk about Podesta ties to Russia as covered by or money from Russia to Clinton - sale of Uranium?
Remember when the failing apologized to its subscribers, right after the election, because their coverage was so wrong. Now worse!
If the people of our great country could only see how viciously and inaccurately my administration is covered by certain media!
Today's EO established a commission on combating drug addiction and the opioid crisis. Watch listening session 
Melania and I were honored to stop by the Women's Empowerment Panel this afternoon at the 
Today we honored our true American heroes on the first-ever National Vietnam War Veterans Day. #ThankAVeteran 
The Freedom Caucus will hurt the entire Republican agenda if they don't get on the team, &amp; fast. We must fight them, &amp; Dems, in 2018!
The failing has disgraced the media world. Gotten me wrong for two solid years. Change libel laws? 
Great op-ed from Looks like some in the Freedom Caucus are helping me end #Obamacare. 
If, and would get on board we would have both great healthcare and massive tax cuts &amp; reform.
Where are, and ? #RepealANDReplace #Obamacare
The meeting next week with China will be a very difficult one in that we can no longer have massive trade deficits...
...and job losses. American companies must be prepared to look at other alternatives.
Only by enlisting the full potential of women in our society will we be truly able to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Mike Flynn should ask for immunity in that this is a witch hunt (excuse for big election loss), by media &amp; Dems, of historic proportion!
It was an honor to welcome the Prime Minister of Denmark, Lars Lkke Rasmussen {} to the yesterday! 
Great meeting with a wonderful woman today, former Secretary of State, Condoleezza Rice! #USA 
#ConfirmGorsuch #SCOTUS 
It is an exciting time for our country! #WeeklyAddress #ConfirmGorsuch 
'Trump Celebrates American Manufacturing Survey Showing Highest Level of Optimism in 20 Years'  
We are going to defend our industry &amp; create a level playing field for the American worker. It is time to put #AmericaFirst &amp; #MAGA! 
When will Sleepy Eyes Chuck Todd and start talking about the Obama SURVEILLANCE SCANDAL and stop with the Fake Trump/Russia story?
Thank you -- will get even better as my Administration continues to put #AmericaFirst 
Anybody (especially Fake News media) who thinks that Repeal &amp; Replace of ObamaCare is dead does not know the love and strength in R Party!
Talks on Repealing and Replacing ObamaCare are, and have been, going on, and will continue until such time as a deal is hopefully struck.
The real story turns out to be SURVEILLANCE and LEAKING! Find the leakers.
Melania and I are honored to light up the this evening, for #WorldAutismAwarenessDay. Join us &amp; #LIUB. 
Was the brother of John Podesta paid big money to get the sanctions on Russia lifted? Did Hillary know?
Did Hillary Clinton ever apologize for receiving the answers to the debate? Just asking!
Getting ready to meet President al-Sisi of Egypt. On behalf of the United States, I look forward to a long and wonderful relationship.
Looking forward to hosting our heroes from the Wounded Warrior Project () Soldier Ride to the on Thursday! 
It was an honor to welcome President Al Sisi of Egypt to the as we renew the historic partnership between the U.S. and Egypt. 
#CEOTownHall 
Thank you Sean McGarvey &amp; the entire Governing Board of Presidents for honoring me w/an invite to speak. #NABTU2017 
Great to talk jobs with #NABTU2017. Tremendous spirit &amp; optimism - we will deliver! 
I am deeply committed to preserving our strong relationship &amp; to strengthening America's long-standing support for Jordan. 
JOBS, JOBS, JOBS! 
It was an honor to host our American heroes from the #SoldierRideDC at the today with, and #USA 
It was a great honor to have President Xi Jinping and Madame Peng Liyuan of China as our guests in the United States. Tremendous...
...goodwill and friendship was formed, but only time will tell on trade.
Congratulations to our great military men and women for representing the United States, and the world, so well in the Syria attack.
The reason you don't generally hit runways is that they are easy and inexpensive to quickly fix (fill in and top)!
Judge Gorsuch will be sworn in at the Rose Garden of the White House on Monday at 11:00 A.M. He will be a great Justice. Very proud of him!
So sad to hear of the terrorist attack in Egypt. U.S. strongly condemns. I have great...
...confidence that President Al Sisi will handle situation properly.
Thank you ! #USA 
Congratulations to Justice Neil Gorsuch on his elevation to the United States Supreme Court. A great day for America! #SCOTUS 
Happy Passover to everyone celebrating in the United States of America, Israel, and around the world. #ChagSameach
I explained to the President of China that a trade deal with the U.S. will be far better for them if they solve the North Korean problem!
North Korea is looking for trouble. If China decides to help, that would be great. If not, we will solve the problem without them! U.S.A.
Ron Estes is running TODAY for Congress in the Great State of Kansas. A wonderful guy, I need his help on Healthcare &amp; Tax Cuts (Reform).
Great Strategic &amp; Policy CEO Forum today with my Cabinet Secretaries and top CEO's from around the United States. #AmericaFirst 
I will be interviewed by at 6:00 A.M. Enjoy!
Had a very good call last night with the President of China concerning the menace of North Korea.
Great win in Kansas last night for Ron Estes, easily winning the Congressional race against the Dems, who spent heavily &amp; predicted victory!
Great meeting w/ NATO Sec. Gen. We agreed on the importance of getting countries to pay their fair share &amp; focus on the threat of terrorism. 
Economic confidence is soaring as we unleash the power of private sector job creation and stand up for the American Workers. #AmericaFirst
One by one we are keeping our promises - on the border, on energy, on jobs, on regulations. Big changes are happening!
Jobs are returning, illegal immigration is plummeting, law, order and justice are being restored. We are truly making America great again!
I have great confidence that China will properly deal with North Korea. If they are unable to do so, the U.S., with its allies, will! U.S.A.
Things will work out fine between the U.S.A. and Russia. At the right time everyone will come to their senses &amp; there will be lasting peace!
It was a great honor to welcome Atlanta's heroic first responders to the White House this afternoon! 
Weekly Address- 
Why would I call China a currency manipulator when they are working with us on the North Korean problem? We will see what happens!
Happy Easter to everyone!
I did what was an almost an impossible thing to do for a Republican-easily won the Electoral College! Now Tax Returns are brought up again?
Someone should look into who paid for the small organized rallies yesterday. The election is over!
Our military is building and is rapidly becoming stronger than ever before. Frankly, we have no choice!
The recent Kansas election (Congress) was a really big media event, until the Republicans won. Now they play the same game with Georgia-BAD!
The Fake Media (not Real Media) has gotten even worse since the election. Every story is badly slanted. We have to hold them to the truth!
The super Liberal Democrat in the Georgia Congressioal race tomorrow wants to protect criminals, allow illegal immigration and raise taxes!
TRUMP APPROVAL HITS 50%
See you tomorrow Wisconsin!'Trump spurs small-business optimism in Milwaukee area'
The weak illegal immigration policies of the Obama Admin. allowed bad MS 13 gangs to form in cities across U.S. We are removing them fast!
I will be interviewed on by starting at 6:00 A.M. Enjoy!
Democrat Jon Ossoff would be a disaster in Congress. VERY weak on crime and illegal immigration, bad for jobs and wants higher taxes. Say NO
Republicans must get out today and VOTE in Georgia 6. Force runoff and easy win! Dem Ossoff will raise your taxes-very bad on crime &amp; 2nd A.
Just learned that Jon, who is running for Congress in Georgia, doesn't even live in the district. Republicans, get out and vote!
#BuyAmericanHireAmericanWatch 
Dems failed in Kansas and are now failing in Georgia. Great job Karen Handel! It is now Hollywood vs. Georgia on June 20th.
#BuyAmericanHireAmerican 
Today I signed the Veterans (OUR HEROES) Choice Program Extension &amp; Improvement Act the #S544 Watch 
A great honor to host the Champion New England at the White House today. Congratulations! 
Failing, which has been calling me wrong for two years, just got caught in a big lie concerning New England Patriots visit to W.H.
We're going to use American steel, we're going to use American labor, we are going to come first in all deals.  
A great honor to host PM Paolo Gentiloni of Italy at the White House this afternoon! #ICYMI- Joint Press Conference: 
Another terrorist attack in Paris. The people of France will not take much more of this. Will have a big effect on presidential election!
No matter how much I accomplish during the ridiculous standard of the first 100 days, &amp; it has been a lot (including S.C.), media will kill!
China is very much the economic lifeline to North Korea so, while nothing is easy, if they want to solve the North Korean problem, they will
WELCOME HOME, AYA! #GodBlessTheUSA 
'Presidential Executive Order on Identifying and Reducing Tax Regulatory Burdens' Executive Order: 
After 5 SB victories since 2002, it was my honor to give Bob Kraft, Coach Belichick, and the players their first tour of the WH Residence. 
Getting ready to visit Walter Reed Medical Center with Melania. Looking forward to seeing our bravest and greatest Americans!
Next Saturday night I will be holding a BIG rally in Pennsylvania. Look forward to it!
Big TAX REFORM AND TAX REDUCTION will be announced next Wednesday.
Today on Earth Day, we celebrate our beautiful forests, lakes and land. We stand committed to preserving the natural beauty of our nation.
I am committed to keeping our air and water clean but always remember that economic growth enhances environmental protection. Jobs matter!
Very interesting election currently taking place in France.
Thank you Lake Worth, Florida. 
ObamaCare is in serious trouble. The Dems need big money to keep it going - otherwise it dies far sooner than anyone would have thought.
The Democrats don't want money from budget going to border wall despite the fact that it will stop drugs and very bad MS 13 gang members.
Eventually, but at a later date so we can get started early, Mexico will be paying, in some form, for the badly needed border wall.
New polls out today are very good considering that much of the media is FAKE and almost always negative. Would still beat Hillary in.....
...popular vote. ABC News/Washington Post Poll (wrong big on election) said almost all stand by their vote on me &amp; 53% said strong leader.
The two fake news polls released yesterday, ABC &amp; NBC, while containing some very positive info, were totally wrong in General E. Watch!
The Wall is a very important tool in stopping drugs from pouring into our country and poisoning our youth (and many others)! If
....the wall is not built, which it will be, the drug situation will NEVER be fixed the way it should be! #BuildTheWall
Join me in congratulating by using the hashtag #CongratsPeggy! Earlier today: 
If our healthcare plan is approved, you will see real healthcare and premiums will start tumbling down. ObamaCare is in a death spiral!
Today, I signed the Holocaust Remembrance Proclamation: #ICYMI- My statement last night at the 
Proud of for her leadership on these important issues. Looking forward to hearing her speak at the W20! 
Canada has made business for our dairy farmers in Wisconsin and other border states very difficult. We will not stand for this. Watch!
Don't let the fake media tell you that I have changed my position on the WALL. It will get built and help stop drugs, human trafficking etc.
Remarks at the United States Holocaust Memorial Museum's National Days of Remembrance. Full remarks: 
'Presidential Executive Order on Promoting Agriculture and Rural Prosperity in America'Executive Order: 
First the Ninth Circuit rules against the ban &amp; now it hits again on sanctuary cities-both ridiculous rulings. See you in the Supreme Court!
The U.S. recorded its slowest economic growth in five years (2016). GDP up only 1.6%. Trade deficits hurt the economy very badly.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY to our, Melania! 
Today, I signed an Executive Order the U.S. Dept. of : 'Review of Designations Under the Antiquities Act' 
Today, I signed an Executive Order on Enforcing Statutory Prohibitions on Federal Control of Education. EO: 
A great great honor to welcome &amp; recognize the National Teacher of the Year, as well as the Teacher of the Year from each State &amp; territory! 
Democrats are trying to bail out insurance companies from disastrous #ObamaCare, and Puerto Rico with your tax dollars. Sad!
I received calls from the President of Mexico and the Prime Minister of Canada asking to renegotiate NAFTA rather than terminate. I agreed..
...subject to the fact that if we do not reach a fair deal for all, we will then terminate NAFTA. Relationships are good-deal very possible!
The Democrats want to shut government if we don't bail out Puerto Rico and give billions to their insurance companies for OCare failure. NO!
I want to help our miners while the Democrats are blocking their healthcare.
I promise to rebuild our military and secure our border. Democrats want to shut down the government. Politics!
What's more important? Rebuilding our military - or bailing out insurance companies? Ask the Democrats.
Democrats jeopardizing the safety of our troops to bail out their donors from insurance companies. It is time to put #AmericaFirst
Democrats used to support border security  now they want illegals to pour through our borders.
As families prepare for summer vacations in our National Parks - Democrats threaten to close them and shut down the government. Terrible!
Melania and I were honored to welcome Argentina President and First Lady Juliana Awada to the today 
Presidential Memorandum for the, re: Aluminum Imports and Threats to National Security: 
Today, I signed an Executive Order on Improving Accountability and Whistleblower Protection at the : 
We are making tremendous progress with the V. A. There has never been so much done so quickly, and we have just started. We love our VETS!
I will be interviewed by on tonight at 7pm. Enjoy!
North Korea disrespected the wishes of China &amp; its highly respected President when it launched, though unsuccessfully, a missile today. Bad!
Looking forward to RALLY in the Great State of Pennsylvania tonight at 7:30. Big crowd, big energy!
Mainstream (FAKE) media refuses to state our long list of achievements, including 28 legislative signings, strong borders &amp; great optimism!
I will be interviewed on this morning at 10:00 A.M. Have a great day!
Big excitement last night in the Great State of Pennsylvania! Fantastic crowd and people. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
The Democrats, without a leader, have become the party of obstruction.They are only interested in themselves and not in what's best for U.S.
You can't compare anything to ObamaCare because ObamaCare is dead. Dems want billions to go to Insurance Companies to bail out donors....New
...healthcare plan is on its way. Will have much lower premiums &amp; deductibles while at the same time taking care of pre-existing conditions!
This month we celebrate the contributions of Asian Americans &amp; Pacific Islanders that enrich our Nation. 
#ICYMI- On Saturday I signed two EO's to help keep jobs &amp; wealth in our country.EO1: EO2: 
President Andrew Jackson, who died 16 years before the Civil War started, saw it coming and was angry. Would never have let it happen!
The reason for the plan negotiated between the Republicans and Democrats is that we need 60 votes in the Senate which are not there! We....
Congratulations to the winners of the Commander-in-Chief's Trophy, the great Air Force Falcons! Watch: 
FBI Director Comey was the best thing that ever happened to Hillary Clinton in that he gave her a free pass for many bad deeds! The phony...
...Trump/Russia story was an excuse used by the Democrats as justification for losing the election. Perhaps Trump just ran a great campaign?
It was an honor to stop by a #SchoolChoice event hosted by Pence and Secretary at the today. 
Susan Rice, the former National Security Advisor to President Obama, is refusing to testify before a Senate Subcommittee next week on.....
...allegations of unmasking Trump transition officials. Not good!
The Fake News media is officially out of control. They will do or say anything in order to get attention - never been a time like this!
Congratulations to on its unbelievable ratings hike.
Death spiral!'Aetna will exit Obamacare markets in VA in 2018, citing expected losses on INDV plans this year'
Beautiful evening with Religious Leaders here at the WH last night. Join us now for a #NationalDayofPrayer, LIVE: 
Insurance companies are fleeing ObamaCare - it is dead. Our healthcare plan will lower premiums &amp; deductibles - and be great healthcare!
If victorious, Republicans will be having a big press conference at the beautiful Rose Garden of the White House immediately after vote!
It was a GREAT day for the United States of America! This is a great plan that is a repeal &amp; replace of ObamaCare. Make no mistake about it. 
An honor to welcome PM of Australia, to America &amp; join him in marking the 75th Anniversary of the Battle of the Coral Sea. 
Big win in the House - very exciting! But when everything comes together with the inclusion of Phase 2, we will have truly great healthcare!
Rather than causing a big disruption in N.Y.C., I will be working out of my home in Bedminster, N.J. this weekend. Also saves country money!
Of course the Australians have better healthcare than we do --everybody does. ObamaCare is dead! But our healthcare will soon be great.
JOBS, JOBS, JOBS! 
#WeeklyAddress 
Wow,the Fake News media did everything in its power to make the Republican Healthcare victory look as bad as possible.Far better than Ocare!
Why is it that the Fake News rarely reports Ocare is on its last legs and that insurance companies are fleeing for their lives? It's dead!
Great jobs report today - It is all beginning to work!
The reason I am staying in Bedminster, N. J., a beautiful community, is that staying in NYC is much more expensive and disruptive. Meetings!
When will the Fake Media ask about the Dems dealings with Russia &amp; why the DNC wouldn't allow the FBI to check their server or investigate?
Republican Senators will not let the American people down! ObamaCare premiums and deductibles are way up - it was a lie and it is dead!
Congratulations to Emmanuel Macron on his big win today as the next President of France. I look very much forward to working with him!
Rexnord of Indiana made a deal during the Obama Administration to move to Mexico. Fired their employees. Tax product big that's sold in U.S.
Congratulations to on his big win yesterday. John is a great guy who never gave up - and now a winner again!
General Flynn was given the highest security clearance by the Obama Administration - but the Fake News seldom likes talking about that.
Ask Sally Yates, under oath, if she knows how classified information got into the newspapers soon after she explained it to W.H. Counsel.
Honored to welcome Georgia Prime Minister, Giorgi Kvirikashvili to the today with Mike Pence. 
Sally Yates made the fake media extremely unhappy today --- she said nothing but old news!
The Russia-Trump collusion story is a total hoax, when will this taxpayer funded charade end?
Biggest story today between Clapper &amp; Yates is on surveillance. Why doesn't the media report on this? #FakeNews!
It was an honor to welcome the Teachers of the Year to the WH last month. Today, we honor and thank all teachers! #NationalTeachersDay 
'Manufacturing openings, hires rise to highest levels of the recovery'
The Democrats have said some of the worst things about James Comey, including the fact that he should be fired, but now they play so sad!
James Comey will be replaced by someone who will do a far better job, bringing back the spirit and prestige of the FBI.
Comey lost the confidence of almost everyone in Washington, Republican and Democrat alike. When things calm down, they will be thanking me!
years, as a pol in Connecticut, Blumenthal would talk of his great bravery and conquests in Vietnam - except he was never there. When....
caught, he cried like a baby and begged for forgiveness...and now he is judge &amp; jury. He should be the one who is investigated for his acts.
The Roger Stone report on is false - Fake News. Have not spoken to Roger in a long time - had nothing to do with my decision.
Dems have been complaining for months &amp; months about Dir. Comey. Now that he has been fired they PRETEND to be aggrieved. Phony hypocrites!
The Democrats should be ashamed. This is a disgrace! #DrainTheSwamp 
'Presidential Executive Order on Strengthening the Cybersecurity of Federal Networks and Critical Infrastructure' 
'Presidential Executive Order on the Establishment of Presidential Advisory Commission on Election Integrity' 
We finally agree on something Rosie. 
Russia must be laughing up their sleeves watching as the U.S. tears itself apart over a Democrat EXCUSE for losing the election.
Yesterday, on the same day- I had meetings with Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov and the FM of Ukraine, Pavlo Klimkin. #LetsMakePeace! 
Again, the story that there was collusion between the Russians &amp; Trump campaign was fabricated by Dems as an excuse for losing the election.
The Fake Media is working overtime today!
As a very active President with lots of things happening, it is not possible for my surrogates to stand at podium with perfect accuracy!....
When James Clapper himself, and virtually everyone else with knowledge of the witch hunt, says there is no collusion, when does it end?
China just agreed that the U.S. will be allowed to sell beef, and other major products, into China once again. This is REAL news!
Today, hosted a Military Mother's Day Event in the East Room of the WH. It was an honor to stop by, say hello, &amp; introduce Melania! 
Today, I welcomed the Victory Christian Center School. Good luck the Team America Rocketry Challenge! #TARC Watch: 
#WeeklyAddress 
Will be interviewed by on at 9:00 P.M. (Saturday night). Enjoy!
I was thrilled to be back Congratulations to the Class of 2017! This is your day, and you've earned it. 
Wishing Melania and all of the great mothers out there a wonderful day ahead with family and friends! Happy #MothersDay
Today, I delivered remarks at the 36th Annual National Peace Officers' Memorial Service. #NationalPoliceWeekWatch: 
#PeaceOfficersMemorialDay and #PoliceWeek Proclamation: 
As President I wanted to share with Russia (at an openly scheduled W.H. meeting) which I have the absolute right to do, facts pertaining....
...to terrorism and airline flight safety. Humanitarian reasons, plus I want Russia to greatly step up their fight against ISIS &amp; terrorism.
I have been asking Director Comey &amp; others, from the beginning of my administration, to find the LEAKERS in the intelligence community.....
'U.S. Industrial Production Surged in April' 
It was a great honor to welcome the President of Turkey, Recep Tayyip Erdoan, to the today! 
It was my great honor to deliver the #CGACommencement17 at the CONGRATULATIONS to the Class of 2017! 
This is the single greatest witch hunt of a politician in American history!
With all of the illegal acts that took place in the Clinton campaign &amp; Obama Administration, there was never a special counsel appointed!
A great honor to welcome President Juan Manuel Santos of Colombia to the White House today! Joint Press Conf 
Getting ready for my big foreign trip. Will be strongly protecting American interests - that's what I like to do!
#WeeklyAddress 
Great to be in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia. Looking forward to the afternoon and evening ahead. #POTUSAbroad 
Thank you to the BRAVE servicemen &amp; women who have served, and continue to serve the United States- our true HEROES! #ArmedForcesDay 
Speech transcript at Arab Islamic American Summit  #RiyadhSummit #POTUSAbroad
Do you notice we are not having a gun debate right now? That's because they used knives and a truck! #RiyadhSummit #POTUSAbroad
Prime Minister @Netanyahu and @PresidentRuvi- on behalf of @FLOTUS Melania and myself, thank you for the invitation to join you today! 
We stand in absolute solidarity with the people of the United Kingdom.
Thank you for such a wonderful and unforgettable visit, Prime Minister @Netanyahu and @PresidentRuvi.
Israel, Saudi Arabia and the Middle East were great. Trying hard for PEACE. Doing well. Heading to Vatican &amp; Pope, then #G7 and #NATO.
All civilized nations must join together to protect human life and the sacred right of our citizens to live in safety and in peace.
Honor of a lifetime to meet His Holiness Pope Francis. I leave the Vatican more determined than ever to pursue PEACE in our world.
Thank you for the warm welcome to Brussels, Belgium this afternoon!
Today's ceremony is a day for both remembrance and resolve. #NATOMeeting #NATO
Thank you for your support. Together, we will MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN! #POTUSAbroad #USA
Just arrived in Taormina with @FLOTUS Melania. #G7Summit #USA
Just arrived in Italy for the G7. Trip has been very successful. We made and saved the USA many billions of dollars and millions of jobs.
Getting ready to engage G7 leaders on many issues including economic growth, terrorism, and security.
Terrorists are engaged in a war against civilization- it is up to all who value life to confront &amp; defeat this evil
On behalf of @FLOTUS Melania and myself, thank you for a wonderful dinner and evening, President Sergio Mattarella. #G7Taormina
Big G7 meetings today. Lots of very important matters under discussion. First on the list, of course, is terrorism. #G7Taormina
Many NATO countries have agreed to step up payments considerably, as they should. Money is beginning to pour in- NATO will be much stronger.
I will make my final decision on the Paris Accord next week!
Just left the #G7Summit. Had great meetings on everything, especially on trade where....
I look forward to reading the @CommerceGov 232 analysis of steel and aluminum- to be released in June. Will take major action if necessary.
Bringing hundreds of billions of dollars back to the U.S.A. from the Middle East - which will mean JOBS, JOBS, JOBS!
Big win in Montana for Republicans!
Just returned from Europe. Trip was a great success for America. Hard work but big results!
It is my opinion that many of the leaks coming out of the White House are fabricated lies made up by the #FakeNews media.
Whenever you see the words 'sources say' in the fake news media, and they don't mention names....
....it is very possible that those sources don't exist but are made up by fake news writers. #FakeNews is the enemy!
Does anyone notice how the Montana Congressional race was such a big deal to Dems &amp; Fake News until the Republican won? V was poorly covered
British Prime Minister May was very angry that the info the U.K. gave to U.S. about Manchester was leaked. Gave me full details!
I suggest that we add more dollars to Healthcare and make it the best anywhere. ObamaCare is dead - the Republicans will do much better!
The massive TAX CUTS/REFORM that I have submitted is moving along in the process very well, actually ahead of schedule. Big benefits to all!
The Fake News Media works hard at disparaging &amp; demeaning my use of social media because they don't want America to hear the real story!
Honoring the men and women who made the ultimate sacrifice in service to America. Home of the free, because of the brave. #MemorialDay
North Korea has shown great disrespect for their neighbor, China, by shooting off yet another ballistic missile...but China is trying hard!
Today we remember the men and women who made the ultimate sacrifice in serving. Thank you, God bless your families &amp; God bless the USA!
I look forward to paying my respects to our brave men and women on this Memorial Day at Arlington National Cemetery later this morning.
We have a MASSIVE trade deficit with Germany, plus they pay FAR LESS than they should on NATO &amp; military. Very bad for U.S. This will change
Russian officials must be laughing at the U.S. &amp; how a lame excuse for why the Dems lost the election has taken over the Fake News.
The U.S. Senate should switch to 51 votes, immediately, and get Healthcare and TAX CUTS approved, fast and easy. Dems would do it, no doubt!
So now it is reported that the Democrats, who have excoriated Carter Page about Russia, don't want him to testify. He blows away their....
Kathy Griffin should be ashamed of herself. My children, especially my 11 year old son, Barron, are having a hard time with this. Sick!
Hopefully Republican Senators, good people all, can quickly get together and pass a new (repeal &amp; replace) HEALTHCARE bill. Add saved $'s.
I will be announcing my decision on the Paris Accord over the next few days. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
We traveled the world to strengthen long-standing alliances, and to form new partnerships. See more at:
It was an honor to welcome the Prime Minister of Vietnam, Nguyn Xun Phc to the @WhiteHouse this afternoon.
Crooked Hillary Clinton now blames everybody but herself, refuses to say she was a terrible candidate. Hits Facebook &amp; even Dems &amp; DNC.
I will be announcing my decision on Paris Accord, Thursday at 3:00 P.M.  The White House Rose Garden.  MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Join me live at the @WhiteHouse.
My job as President is to do everything within my power to give America a level playing field. #AmericaFirst
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain
#WeeklyAddress
We need to be smart, vigilant and tough. We need the courts to give us back our rights. We need the Travel Ban as an extra level of safety!
Whatever the United States can do to help out in London and the U. K., we will be there - WE ARE WITH YOU. GOD BLESS!
We must stop being politically correct and get down to the business of security for our people. If we don't get smart it will only get worse
Do you notice we are not having a gun debate right now? That's because they used knives and a truck!
